sim_seconds                                  0.004254                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4253695000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3103648670500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                8383490                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  9634626                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              561460332                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    63514170                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      72993064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data          235                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total          235                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total          235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total             1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total           768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total              240732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        180549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             180549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        180549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total             421281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                         4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                     24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                 1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                  1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys                768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                  2807362000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                  32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                 24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.383672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                     798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat               1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                   102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       0.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    0.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    33.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                     28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                401051714.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3878804681                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT       1140353                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          694310.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          627177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          721526.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          639878.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0                468384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1                423096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2                486744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3                431664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         2710156.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         2404147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2              2680704                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         2432102.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0             1161216                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        1071636.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        1254113.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        1075368.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0         617052816                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      616198800.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      617714763.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      616859107.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0        6771217536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1        6771966672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2        6770636880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3        6771387456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        9492904863.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        9492291974.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        9493095175.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        9492426021.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.890587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.885559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.892149                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.886658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total          1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total                7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       180549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total              300915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        421281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             421281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        421281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       180549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total             722196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                        7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                     56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys               1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           36                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                  4391076000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                 56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.615385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.129882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.782384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     15.38%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     15.38%     30.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     69.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    35.777088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                     998000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat               1676000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       0.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    0.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    34.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                365923000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  78.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3878751479                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT       1193555                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          812246.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          799545.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          766886.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          851558.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0                547944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1                539376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2                517344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3                574464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         3128985.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         3024153.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         2876889.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         3275750.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        1390141.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        1350743.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        1310515.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        1403412.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      618803308.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      618321006.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      618327080.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      619498416.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0        6769682016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      6770105088.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2        6770099760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3        6769072272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        9493965086.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        9493740357.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2          9493498920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        9494276318.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.899287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.897443                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.895462                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.901840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total              512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total           768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total              120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        180549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             180549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        180549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total             300915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                         2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                     24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                  512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                   512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys                768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                  4380276000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                  16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                 24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.752252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     8.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                     399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat                670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                    51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       0.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    0.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    37.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                     14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                876055200.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  85.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3878902071                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT       1042963                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0                647136                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          666489.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          696729.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3                692496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0                436560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1                449616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2                470016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3                467160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         2432601.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         2469043.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         2676211.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         2624793.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        1135088.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        1181122.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        1191075.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        1144627.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      616866603.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      617422394.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      617379111.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      617625132.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0        6771380880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1        6770893344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2        6770931312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3        6770715504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        9492499314.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        9492682454.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        9492944900.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        9492870157.439999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.887260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.888762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.890916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.890303                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total              768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total           768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total              180549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        180549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             180549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        180549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total             361098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                         3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                     24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                  768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                   768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys                768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                  4402133000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                  24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                 24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples            7                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.613280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.504206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     14.29%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287            5     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total            7                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean           64                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    64.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                     598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat               1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                    76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    26.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                     21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                733688833.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  85.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3879085375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT        859659                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          668908.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          687052.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          706406.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          691286.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0                451248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1                463488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2                476544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3                466344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         2600332.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1              2580864                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         2772057.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         2584358.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        1128038.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        1157898.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        1151677.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        1194393.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      617186496.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      617694243.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      617400889.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      617284172.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0        6771100272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1        6770654880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      6770912208.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3        6771014592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        9492735741.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        9492838871.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        9493020227.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        9492835590.719999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.889200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.890046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.891534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.890019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total              768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total           512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total              180549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        120366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             120366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total             300915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                         3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                        2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                  768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                   768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys                512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                  4384661000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                  24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples            7                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.613280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.504206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     14.29%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287            5     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total            7                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                     598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat               1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                    76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    28.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                     21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate             125.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                876932200.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                 102.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3878826571                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT       1118463                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          661046.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          633830.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          630201.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          685238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0                445944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1                427584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2                425136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3                462264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         2591846.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         2376691.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         2373196.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         2587852.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        1118499.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        1084907.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        1091543.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        1187758.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      616670377.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      616916234.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      616736041.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      617286579.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      6771553008.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1        6771337344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      6771495408.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3        6771012480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        9492641166.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        9492377036.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        9492351971.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        9492822617.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.888424                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.886256                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.886051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.889912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       180549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total              421281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks        481464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total             481464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks        481464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       180549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total             902745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                 1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                  4408294000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.578947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.505395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.514858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     15.79%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     15.79%     31.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287           13     68.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    23.075993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                    1667656                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat               2616856                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                   179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   29779.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              46729.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       0.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    0.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    34.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                293886266.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  90.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3877793585                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT       2151449                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0                689472                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          657417.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          690076.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          726364.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0                465120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1                443496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2                465528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3                490008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         2617305.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1              2568384                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         2599833.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         2785036.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        1168266.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        1098178.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        1207664.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        1204346.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      617713231.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      617189068.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      617744039.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      617643025.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0        6770638224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1        6771098016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2        6770611200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      6770699808.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        9492892063.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        9492655005.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        9492918786.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        9493149034.560001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.890482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.888537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.890702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.892591                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total           768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total              300915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        60183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total          60183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        180549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             180549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        180549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total             481464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                     24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys                768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                  4414281000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                 24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.093035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                     998000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat               1676000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       0.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    0.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    35.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                551785125.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  85.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3879329048                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT        615986                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          725155.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          710035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          662860.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          729388.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0          489192.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1          478992.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2                447168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          492048.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         2849433.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         2744102.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         2472038.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         2803507.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        1204761.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        1184440.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        1134673.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        1227571.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      617463982.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      617226442.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      617556349.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      617595693.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0        6770856864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1        6771065232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2        6770775840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      6770741328.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        9493189832.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        9493009688.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        9492649374.719999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        9493189980.480001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.892926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.891447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.888491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.892927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total          2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       180549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total              421281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        601830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             601830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        601830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       180549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            1023110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                       10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                     80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                 1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys               2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                  4388738000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                 80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.578947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.505395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.514858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     15.79%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     15.79%     31.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287           13     68.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16              3    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                    1397200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat               2346400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                   179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       0.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    0.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    28.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                258161058.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  80.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3878294332                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT       1650702                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          714873.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          671932.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2                625968                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          703987.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0                482256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1                453288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2                422280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          474912.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0              2847936                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         2552908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         2388172.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         2672716.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0             1161216                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        1144627.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        1088225.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        1168266.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      616888382.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      617304199.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      616497736.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      617330191.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0        6771361776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1        6770997024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      6771704448.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3        6770974224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        9493056884.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        9492724424.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        9492327274.560001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        9492924742.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.891835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.889107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.885848                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.890750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total              768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total              180549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        240732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             240732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        240732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total             421281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                         3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                  768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                   768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                  4414892000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                  24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.454545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.197649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.639002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     18.18%     18.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     18.18%     36.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     63.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                     598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat               1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                    76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    28.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                     21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate             125.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                630698857.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                 108.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3878293801                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT       1651233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          677980.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          656812.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          685238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3                737856                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0                457368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1                443088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2                462264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3                497760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0              2678208                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         2456563.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         2664230.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         2787532.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        1121402.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        1111864.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        1227571.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      616935386.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      617269178.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      616730788.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      618029622.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0        6771320544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1        6771027744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2        6771500016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      6770360688.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        9492791334.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        9492565695.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        9492797562.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        9493241474.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.889656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.887804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.889707                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.893349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total              768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       180549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total              180549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        541647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             541647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        541647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       180549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total             722196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                         3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                  768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                   768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        22079                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                  4410411000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                  24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    90.347899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    12.699208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.856406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8               2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                     598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat               1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                    76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    28.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                     21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                367534250.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3878400868                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT       1544166                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          627782.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          647740.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          646531.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          670118.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0                423504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1                436968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2          436152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3                452064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         2368204.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1              2448576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         2465049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         2559897.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0             1078272                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        1121402.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        1118085.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        1121817.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      616952021.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      616983157.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      616781185.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      617214130.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0        6771305952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1        6771278640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      6771455808.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3        6771076032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        9492356181.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        9492516929.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        9492503256.000002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        9492694504.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.886085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.887404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.887292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.888861                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total              512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total              120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        240732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             240732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        240732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total             361098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                         2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                  512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                   512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                  4391935000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                  16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.005797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    19.595918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.284271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8               1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                     399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat                670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                    51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       0.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    0.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    30.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                     14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate             125.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                731989166.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                 112.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3878474326                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT       1470708                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          638668.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          676771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          681609.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          690681.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0                430848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1          456552.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2                459816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3                465936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         2464550.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         2560396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         2659737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         2607820.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        1111449.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        1157898.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        1151677.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        1131356.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0         616587696                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      616913115.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      616885646.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      617733259.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0        6771625536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1        6771340080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2        6771364176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3        6770620656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        9492459192.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        9492705258.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        9492803107.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        9492850153.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.886931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.888950                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.889752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.890138                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total              512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total              120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        240732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             240732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        240732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total             361098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                         2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                  512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                   512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                  2601420000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                  16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.752252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                     399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat                670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                    51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       0.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    0.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                     14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                433570000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  70.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3879581868                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT        363166                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          685843.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          751766.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          715478.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          746323.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0          462672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1                507144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2                482664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3          503472.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0              2708160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         2964249.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         2732121.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         2784537.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        1161630.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        1214300.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        1207664.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        1254113.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      616757273.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      618087352.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      617684558.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3         618411240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0        6771476784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      6770310048.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2        6770663376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3        6770025936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        9492852807.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        9493435304.640001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        9493086307.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        9493326066.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.890160                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.894940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.892076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.894043                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total             2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total                11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       240732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total              662013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        541647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             541647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        541647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       240732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            1203659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                        11                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                 2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                  2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                  4388712000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                  88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.608696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.814508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.263740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     13.04%     13.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     13.04%     26.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287           17     73.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    20.965931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    34.871192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                    2284400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat               3776000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                   281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   25959.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              42909.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       0.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    0.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    26.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                     77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                219435600.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  85.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3878300728                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT       1644306                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0                683424                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          632620.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          720316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          672537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0                461040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1                426768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2                485928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3                453696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0              2668224                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         2440089.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         2672716.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         2523955.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1             1078272                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        1250795.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        1115182.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      616908957.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      616507093.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      617375773.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      617601000.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      6771343728.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1        6771696240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2        6770934240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3        6770736672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        9492840304.320002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1          9492381528                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        9493040214.719999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3          9492703488                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.890058                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.886293                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.891698                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.888935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total          1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total                6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total              421281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        361098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             361098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        361098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total             782379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                     48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                 1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                  1280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys               1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                  4385045000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                 48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.964342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.842962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1      7.14%      7.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2     14.29%     21.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      7.14%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    19.595918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.974984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.414214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19              1     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21              1     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                    2235328                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat               3184528                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                   179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   39916.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              56866.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       0.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    0.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    29.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                    33                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              68.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                337311153.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  78.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3879102273                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT        842761                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          664675.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          661046.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          702777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          699148.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0          448392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1                445944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2                474096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3                471648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         2592345.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         2580364.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         2632281.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         2643763.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        1141309.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        1108131.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        1194808.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        1214300.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      616572155.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      616606629.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      617655228.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      617510658.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      6771639168.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      6771608928.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2        6770689104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3        6770815920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        9492658489.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        9492611488.320002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        9492948740.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        9492955882.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.888566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.888180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.890947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.891006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       180549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total              300915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        60183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total          60183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        240732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             240732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        240732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       180549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total             541647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         2522                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                  4394338000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.093035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    56.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                    1301168                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat               1979168                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   32529.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              49479.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       0.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    0.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    28.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                488259777.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  76.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3878866097                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT       1078937                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          676166.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1                710640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          673142.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          696124.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0                456144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1                479400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2                454104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3                469608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         2579865.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         2756083.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         2536934.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         2636275.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        1141724.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        1184440.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        1164533.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        1194393.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      617465021.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      617594653.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      616824578.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      617524009.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0        6770855952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1        6770742240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2        6771417744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      6770804208.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        9492775318.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        9493067901.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        9492671481.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        9492925063.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.889524                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.891925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.888672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.890753                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total              768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        60183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       120366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total              180549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        60183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       120366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total             180549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                         3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                  768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                   768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                  4383490000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                  24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples            3                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean          256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total            3                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                     730392                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat               1137192                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                    76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   30433.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              47383.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       0.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                     21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate                0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                1461163333.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3879718534                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF     373762800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT        226500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          697939.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          700963.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2                707616                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          766281.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          470832.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1          472872.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2                477360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3                516936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         2724633.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         2716646.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         2707660.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         2895859.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        1157898.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        1171169.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        1201029.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        1281070.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      2099600444.160000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      617052761.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      617456102.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2         617195088                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      618537150.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0        6771217584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1        6770863776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2        6771092736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      6769915488.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        9492922092.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        9492981973.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        9492981934.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        9493513229.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.890729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.891220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.891220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.895579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            28958                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           5383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           24685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               65                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        65698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        65722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  65722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        38657                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        38705                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   38705                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         6500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       121500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         7000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         3500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1303500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     14482985                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      2691500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     12342500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      3256000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1072500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         4500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                             1                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                            1                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime                4500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime                500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            16103                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             40939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   40939    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               40939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  12                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy            13683000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded               24837                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           13540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded              24770                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq                  7                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               79                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           23188                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1497                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          24685                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               65                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              65                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        11073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total        12399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        11036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total        12401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        11015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total        12393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        11049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total        12402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                 49595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total         8705                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total         9728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total        10240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total         9984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                  38657                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         9800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        69146                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       742600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     32463200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      2095800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     34534315                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        91000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       640636                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime                  0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             123200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 48                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy               8400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                  6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy              40400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                  6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              38000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy              42200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 13                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              46000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy              47400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 11                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy              46400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 16                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            3575400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               2531                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           30999400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              22091                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy             27200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy            108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy             93400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy             71800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                17                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy            100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy             35200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy           8777209                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded              6189                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy           8839288                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded              6192                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy           8778931                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded              6184                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy           8850169                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded              6193                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           79                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        23188                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1497                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        24685                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           65                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           65                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        12399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        12401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        12393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        12402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        49595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave         8705                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave         9728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        10240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave         9984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        38657                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         5600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        28000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       316000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     18550400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1197600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     19748000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        52000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       260000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                     0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy      5032100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded         6210                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy      5021600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded         6209                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy      5047200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded         6209                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy      5021600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded         6209                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy     20036800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded        24758                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             185042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            168685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate        16357                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback              909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           28979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          5390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          34369                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            14099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           14099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           63                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           73                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        48638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           37                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        38737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        39798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                267405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       274432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       103940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       353536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       143620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       387328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       126720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       110848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        51980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       156160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        55044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       167424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        75776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        37901                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2118145                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     93288837                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    232442384                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         7000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         3500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     29543498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     15031436                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      2695000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     12357996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       355500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      7050997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      7053497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        63875                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          176                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           25                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          309                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           80                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          232                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           68                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     69956981                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      2587494                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        30000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       483000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3887463                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1203500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        75500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       299500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1224500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       106500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        64809                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         189                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           77084944                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           2769494                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                          201960                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           235124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                235124    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             235124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          148079768                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded             235137                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          34844488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              1072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1037958952                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            24.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded             37721                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             40499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                40                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          44888481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1381                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         997199711                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            23.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded             38132                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             49000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                49                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         49174990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             1513                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        879469928                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           20.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded            39005                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            25995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         14078982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              433                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy       1187948516                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           27.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded            37870                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy             8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         19830984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              610                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy       1124269809                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization           26.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded            37274                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy            15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded               15                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            69496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               69                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         21261485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              654                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy       1131227115                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization           26.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded            37759                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy            15499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded               15                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            68499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               68                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          9622993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              296                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          5548997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              213                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples          424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0          424    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total          424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0          424    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total          424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0          424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0          424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples          424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0              424    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total          424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples          424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0             424    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total          424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       144                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7943.081163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        1758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     12.208333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3368.987421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   897.649533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   574.474426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   254.614390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   192.125160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   622.037866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   793.011290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    71.908365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    94.363472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst           73                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    23.467289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    66.454269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    48.014759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    32.173979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   462.557224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   347.241719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.411253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.109576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.070126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.031081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.023453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.075932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.096803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.008778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.011519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.008911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.008112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.005861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.003927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.056465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.042388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.969614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000610                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974365                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    265754                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   265754                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           71                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          1513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data           134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          210                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          131                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           83                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7464                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                     7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         4316                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         5295                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         8312                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          643                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         2207                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         2404                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              23182                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          205                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          256                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          821                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             1497                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  71                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    78                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       248999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       268500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total          890499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       196000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       131000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       784000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4449500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2262500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       248000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       621000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       262000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       563000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8660500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4449500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2262500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       745500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       510999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       811500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       268500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          9550999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4449500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2262500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       745500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       510999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       811500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       268500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         9550999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                7325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4318                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         5299                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         8317                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          650                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2210                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2408                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            23209                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          207                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          256                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          821                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           1504                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           86                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.008264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.015504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.006757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999537                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999245                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.989231                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.998643                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.998339                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.998837                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.990338                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.636364                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.990909                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.995346                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.562500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.327189                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.146341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.052174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.006601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.043796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.047297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.006757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.146341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.052174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.006601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.043796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.047297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.006757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 124499.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       134250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127214.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    15.060241                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    24.645892                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   305.598756                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    88.808337                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    54.492512                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        13000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    33.819343                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   663.265306                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    43.420174                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 123597.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125694.444444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124200                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       131000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       112600                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121978.873239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 123597.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125694.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 127749.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 115928.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       134250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122448.705128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 123597.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125694.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 127749.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 115928.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       134250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122448.705128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   79                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        79                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4316                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         5295                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         8312                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          643                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         2207                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         2404                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         23182                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          205                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          256                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          821                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1497                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             71                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               78                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       226999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       246500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       813499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    234819379                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    288239387                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    452563143                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     34978140                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    119912944                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    130487458                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       270000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1261270451                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     11149000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     13944500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     44359500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       380000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5321000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5919500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81127500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4053500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2064500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       226000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       566000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       240000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       508000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       221500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7879500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4053500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2064500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       679500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       466999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       734500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       246500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       221500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8692999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4053500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2064500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       679500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       466999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       734500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       246500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       221500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8692999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       150500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        20000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        20000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        20000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       270500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.008264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.015504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.006757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999537                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999245                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.989231                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.998643                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.998339                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998837                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.990338                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.990909                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995346                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.562500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.146341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.052174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.006601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.043796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.006757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.146341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.052174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.006601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.043796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.006757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 113499.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       123250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116214.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54406.714319                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54436.144854                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54446.961381                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54398.351477                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54333.005890                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54279.308652                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54407.318221                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54385.365854                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54470.703125                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54031.059683                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54285.714286                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54295.918367                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54307.339450                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54193.386774                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 112597.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114694.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113200                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       120000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       101600                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73833.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110978.873239                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 112597.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114694.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 116749.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 104928.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       123250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111448.705128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 112597.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114694.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 116749.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 104928.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       123250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111448.705128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                          1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples           14                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           14    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total            14                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           21                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    243.857143                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   196.590203                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    55.645562                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      4.76%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      4.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           20     95.24%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total           21                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples           424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     724528.301887                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    6778882.678435                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          417     98.35%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            5      1.18%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total             424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        842561.584693      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                      3584                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples          424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1026415.094340                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9173672.906122                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          415     97.88%     97.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     97.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     97.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            6      1.42%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.24%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total            424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       1203894.496432      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                   5121                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples              14                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99435.714286                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98358.646327                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      17719.420339                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           13     92.86%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            1      7.14%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total                14                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                  14                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean              312833000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          502943414.957771                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows                14    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            208000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value        1552196000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                    14                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples                21                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         209206428.571429                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        482685449.713949                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows              21    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          620000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      2049594000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                  21                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                    35                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             125523857.142857                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            313151912.697443                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                  35    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              163000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value          1552196000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                      35                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0              424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0             424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples               424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.028302                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            0.264800                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                     417     98.35%     98.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                       5      1.18%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                       0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                       1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                       1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                 424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples              424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.040094                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.358347                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                    415     97.88%     97.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                      6      1.42%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                      1      0.24%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                      1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total                424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples           21                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           21    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total            21                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           17                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           17    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total           17                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples           424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     1026415.094340                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    11015435.565052                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07          417     98.35%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            5      1.18%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total             424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        1263842.377039      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                      5376                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples          424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1026415.094340                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   5610667.008582                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          409     96.46%     96.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     96.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     96.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     96.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     96.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           13      3.07%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            2      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total            424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       1023110.495698      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                   4352                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples              21                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean              98700                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98309.689034                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       9659.865423                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           17     80.95%     80.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            1      4.76%     85.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            2      9.52%     95.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%     95.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%     95.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      4.76%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total                21                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                  21                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           208933761.904762                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          430348857.632956                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows                21    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            159000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value        1539657000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                    21                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples                17                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         259221235.294118                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        346586711.559230                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows              17    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          490000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1260538000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                  17                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                    38                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             115835131.578947                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            258542764.874247                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                  38    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              159000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value          1260538000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                      38                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0              424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0             424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples               424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.040094                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            0.430290                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                     417     98.35%     98.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                       5      1.18%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                       0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                       0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                       0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                       1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                       1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                 424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples              424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.040094                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.219167                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                    409     96.46%     96.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                     13      3.07%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                      2      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total                424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples           15                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           15    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total            15                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           25                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           25    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total           25                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples           424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     845283.018868                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    6764853.295441                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          416     98.11%     98.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     98.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     98.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     98.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     98.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     98.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            4      0.94%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            2      0.47%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            2      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total             424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        902744.555028      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                      3840                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples          424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1267924.528302                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   8252739.895138                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          409     96.46%     96.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     96.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           13      3.07%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            2      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total            424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       1504574.258380      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                   6400                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples              15                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean              94700                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      94700.000000                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev                 0                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           15    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total                15                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                  15                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean              291907000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          488975128.887963                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows                15    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            735000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value        1541025000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                    15                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples                25                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean            175160760                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        455933446.071379                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows              25    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          208000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      2266994000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                  25                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                    40                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean                109475475                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            278154072.263777                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                  40    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              208000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value          1536417000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                      40                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0              424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0             424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples               424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.033019                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            0.264252                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0                     416     98.11%     98.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::1                       4      0.94%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2                       2      0.47%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::3                       2      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                 424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples              424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.049528                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.322373                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                    409     96.46%     96.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                     13      3.07%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                      0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                      0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      2      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total                424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples           22                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           22    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total            22                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           17                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           17    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total           17                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples           424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     1147169.811321                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    11281577.338429                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07          416     98.11%     98.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            5      1.18%     99.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.24%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total             424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        1324025.347374      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                      5632                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples          424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    966037.735849                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   5481865.858819                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          410     96.70%     96.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     96.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     96.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     96.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     96.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           12      2.83%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            2      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total            424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       1023110.495698      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                   4352                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples              22                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       97159.090909                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      96973.233097                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev       6434.479969                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           19     86.36%     86.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     86.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      4.55%     90.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            2      9.09%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total                22                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                  22                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           199858545.454545                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          429788424.852855                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows                22    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            490000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value        1560873000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                    22                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples                17                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         249318352.941176                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        309612862.226552                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows              17    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value         1696000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1108652000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                  17                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                    39                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             108887025.641026                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            235248296.647280                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                  39    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              490000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value          1108652000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                      39                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0              424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0             424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples               424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.044811                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            0.440687                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                     416     98.11%     98.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                       5      1.18%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                       1      0.24%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                       0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                       0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                       1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                       1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                 424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples              424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.037736                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.214135                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                    410     96.70%     96.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                     12      2.83%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                      2      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total                424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6519                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6519    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total           6519                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           80                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     252.812500                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    238.856446                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     28.509867                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      1.25%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      1.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           79     98.75%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            80                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples            424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      3743396.226415                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     32623253.882403                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07          413     97.41%     97.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.94%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            4      0.94%     99.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.24%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total              424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         4333173.864135      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                      18432                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     4286792.452830                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    20113249.460784                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07          386     91.04%     91.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           27      6.37%     97.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            5      1.18%     98.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.24%     98.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.47%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.24%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total             424                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        4754689.746209      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   20225                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples               72                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        106215.277778                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       105855.886822                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev        9865.941696                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           65     90.28%     90.28% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            5      6.94%     97.22% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      1.39%     98.61% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%     98.61% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      1.39%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total                 72                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                 6519                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            674472.771898                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           1986757.018198                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                     2      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                 0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                1      0.02%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                0      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000                0      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                6      0.09%      0.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000              139      2.13%      2.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                1      0.02%      2.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000                0      0.00%      2.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                0      0.00%      2.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                1      0.02%      2.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000                0      0.00%      2.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000                0      0.00%      2.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000                0      0.00%      2.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                0      0.00%      2.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000                0      0.00%      2.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                0      0.00%      2.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                2      0.03%      2.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               1      0.02%      2.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows               6366     97.65%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value               2500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value          150594000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                   6519                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples                 80                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          53171187.500000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         138154854.017158                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              1      1.25%      1.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      1.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      1.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              1      1.25%      2.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              0      0.00%      2.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              0      0.00%      2.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              0      0.00%      2.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              0      0.00%      2.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              1      1.25%      3.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      3.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      3.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              0      0.00%      3.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      3.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              1      1.25%      5.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              0      0.00%      5.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%      5.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             0      0.00%      5.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows               76     95.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       1108406500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                   80                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                   6599                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              644596.908623                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             659443.996697                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                       2      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                   0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                  0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                  2      0.03%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                  3      0.05%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                  1      0.02%      0.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                  7      0.11%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                139      2.11%      2.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                  1      0.02%      2.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                  0      0.00%      2.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                  0      0.00%      2.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                  3      0.05%      2.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                  0      0.00%      2.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                  0      0.00%      2.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                  0      0.00%      2.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                  1      0.02%      2.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                  1      0.02%      2.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                  1      0.02%      2.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                  3      0.05%      2.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                 2      0.03%      2.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                 6433     97.48%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                 2500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             11454500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                     6599                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean              0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0               424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total           424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0              424    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total          424                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples                424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             15.330189                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             3.443490                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-1                      3      0.71%      0.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::2-3                      4      0.94%      1.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-5                      3      0.71%      2.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::6-7                      1      0.24%      2.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-9                      4      0.94%      3.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::10-11                   29      6.84%     10.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-13                   58     13.68%     24.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::14-15                  110     25.94%     50.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-17                  102     24.06%     74.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::18-19                   70     16.51%     90.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-21                   34      8.02%     98.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::22-23                    5      1.18%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-25                    1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::26-27                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-29                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::30-31                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-33                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::34-35                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-37                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::38-39                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                  424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples               424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.167453                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.785674                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                     386     91.04%     91.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                      27      6.37%     97.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                       5      1.18%     98.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                       1      0.24%     98.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                       2      0.47%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                       0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                       1      0.24%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                       1      0.24%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                       0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                       0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                      1      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                 424                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      469163                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      73598                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       12                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  469175                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  73610                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                           542761                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             24                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                       542785                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     1888196                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 1888196                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          1888196                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      1888196                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         8507389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1846284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      1889605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              1464143                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      10833                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       285665                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     1464143                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1931681                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            972922                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             7081062                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1241246                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       545734                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     469291                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     76443                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              13408.048421                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8493980.951579                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.998424                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.001576                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           364321                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1346885     71.16%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      36      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  469291     24.80%     95.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  76443      4.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   1892658                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      46                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1072                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2136483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1992.987873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3777464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3777464                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst      1887124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1887124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst      1887124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1887124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst      1887124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1887124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15628488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15628488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15628488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15628488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15628488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15628488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst      1888196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1888196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst      1888196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1888196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst      1888196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1888196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14578.813433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14578.813433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14578.813433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14578.813433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14578.813433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14578.813433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     13475512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13475512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     13475512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13475512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     13475512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13475512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12570.440299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12570.440299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12570.440299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12570.440299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12570.440299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12570.440299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                73                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          177.691427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             179576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           545.823708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   177.691427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.694107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.694107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.683594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1116299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1116299                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       435731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         435731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        62371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         62371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1968                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1968                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data       498102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          498102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       498155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         498155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        28020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         7619                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7619                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          844                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          844                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1234                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1234                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        35639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         35639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        35669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        35669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1209320056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1209320056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    331662810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    331662810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7030586                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7030586                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     23356500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     23356500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2699500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      2699500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1540982866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1540982866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1540982866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1540982866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       463751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       463751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        69990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           83                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         5329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3202                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3202                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       533741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       533741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       533824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       533824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.060420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.108858                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108858                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.361446                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.361446                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.158379                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.158379                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.385384                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.385384                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.066772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.066818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43159.174019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43159.174019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43531.015881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43531.015881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8330.078199                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8330.078199                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18927.471637                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18927.471637                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43238.667359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43238.667359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43202.300765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43202.300765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        28020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         7619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          817                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          817                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1234                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1234                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        35639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        35669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1137705944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1137705944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    315662190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    315662190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       232500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       232500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5016914                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5016914                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     21432500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21432500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2155500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2155500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1453368134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1453368134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1453600634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1453600634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.060420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.108858                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108858                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.361446                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361446                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.153312                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153312                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.385384                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385384                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.066772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.066818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40603.352748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40603.352748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 41430.921381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41430.921381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         7750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  6140.653611                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6140.653611                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17368.314425                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17368.314425                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40780.272567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40780.272567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40752.491912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40752.491912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             10280                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                      464265                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        15                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      92894                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       13                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  464280                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  92907                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                           557159                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             28                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                       557187                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     1865527                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 1865527                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          1865527                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      1865527                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         8493448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    1813675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      1870592                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              1463030                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      13918                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       275670                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     1463030                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            1986905                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            970806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             7009856                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1201141                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       561170                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     464416                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     96754                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              21211.223758                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              8472236.776242                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.997503                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.002497                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           353313                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  1313497     70.06%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      25      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  464416     24.77%     94.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  96754      5.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   1874695                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      37                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            2098137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1519.288197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3732435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         3732435                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst      1864146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1864146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst      1864146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1864146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst      1864146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1864146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     19667481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19667481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     19667481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19667481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     19667481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19667481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst      1865527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1865527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst      1865527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1865527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst      1865527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1865527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14241.477915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14241.477915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14241.477915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14241.477915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14241.477915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14241.477915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16893519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16893519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16893519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16893519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16893519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16893519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12232.816075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12232.816075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12232.816075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12232.816075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12232.816075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12232.816075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                71                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          175.688287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             499415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1297.181818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   175.688287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.686282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.686282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1143866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1143866                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       431876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         431876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        78746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         78746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         5167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2767                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2767                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data       510622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          510622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       510678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         510678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        26114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         9547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           40                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           40                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1012                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1012                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1451                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1451                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        35661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         35661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        35701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        35701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1116135258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1116135258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    402593792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    402593792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     14844161                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     14844161                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     31288500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     31288500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1613000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1613000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1518729050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1518729050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1518729050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1518729050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       457990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       457990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        88293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        88293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           96                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         6179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4218                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4218                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       546283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       546283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       546379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       546379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.057019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.108129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.108129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.416667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.416667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.163781                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.163781                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.344002                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.344002                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.065279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.065341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42740.876848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42740.876848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42169.665026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42169.665026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14668.143281                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14668.143281                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 21563.404549                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21563.404549                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42587.954628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42587.954628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42540.238369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42540.238369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        26114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         9547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           40                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          980                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          980                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1450                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1450                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        35661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        35701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1048826742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1048826742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    382703208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    382703208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       403001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       403001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     12240838                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12240838                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     28704500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28704500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1297000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1297000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1431529950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1431529950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1431932951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1431932951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.057019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.108129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108129                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.416667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.416667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.158602                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158602                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.343765                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343765                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.065279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.065341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40163.389063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40163.389063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40086.226878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40086.226878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10075.025000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10075.025000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12490.651020                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12490.651020                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19796.206897                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19796.206897                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40142.731555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40142.731555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40109.043192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40109.043192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8117                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      474411                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         8                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     122229                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  474419                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 122234                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                           596640                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             13                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                       596653                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     1851603                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 1851603                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          1851603                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      1851603                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         8507390                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1784329                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1863678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1478859                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      20623                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       262367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1478859                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            2111900                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            982785                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             7023570                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1129737                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       603769                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     474460                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    129309                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              41906.157990                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8465483.842010                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.995074                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.004926                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           341362                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1267063     67.73%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       7      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  474460     25.36%     93.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 129309      6.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1870839                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     145                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             1513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1762185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1164.695968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3704719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         3704719                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst      1850090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1850090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst      1850090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1850090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst      1850090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1850090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     20605490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20605490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     20605490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20605490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     20605490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20605490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst      1851603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1851603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst      1851603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1851603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst      1851603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1851603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13618.962327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13618.962327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13618.962327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13618.962327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13618.962327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13618.962327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     17574510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17574510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     17574510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17574510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     17574510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17574510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 11615.670853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11615.670853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 11615.670853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11615.670853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 11615.670853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11615.670853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                42                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          172.822400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             583766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1779.774390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   172.822400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.675088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.675088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.730469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1219653                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1219653                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       443944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         443944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        99452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         99452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         8361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         5668                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5668                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       543396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          543396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       543412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         543412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        21104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        14766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        14766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          969                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          969                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         2166                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2166                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data        35870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         35870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data        35887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        35887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    849802449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    849802449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    635149147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    635149147                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6259855                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6259855                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     69910477                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     69910477                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       257000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       257000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1484951596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1484951596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1484951596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1484951596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       465048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       465048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       114218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       114218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         9330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         7834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       579266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       579266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       579299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       579299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.045380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.129279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.129279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.515152                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.515152                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.103859                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.103859                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.276487                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.276487                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.061923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.061949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 40267.363959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40267.363959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 43014.299539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43014.299539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6460.118679                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6460.118679                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 32276.305171                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32276.305171                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 41398.148759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41398.148759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 41378.538078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41378.538078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        21104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        14766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          952                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2166                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2166                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        35870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        35887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    799282551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    799282551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    604638853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    604638853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       204501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4059644                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4059644                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     65599523                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65599523                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       213000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       213000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1403921404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1403921404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1404125905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1404125905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.045380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.129279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.515152                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515152                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.102036                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102036                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.276487                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276487                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.061923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.061949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 37873.509809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37873.509809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 40948.046390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40948.046390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12029.470588                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12029.470588                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  4264.331933                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4264.331933                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 30286.021699                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30286.021699                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39139.152607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39139.152607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39126.310502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39126.310502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              4084                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                      483068                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      19236                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                  483070                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  19238                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                           502304                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                       502308                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                     1922113                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                 1922113                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                          1922113                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                      1922113                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         8480541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1915591                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1923946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1456248                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       3413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       311711                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1456248                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            1761973                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            971677                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             7224028                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1334558                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       503067                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     483218                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     19849                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              37417.555743                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              8443123.444257                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.995588                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.004412                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           392612                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1421654     73.86%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      42      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  483218     25.11%     98.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  19849      1.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1924771                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            2118420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          4892.424942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3844659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         3844659                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst      1921680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1921680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst      1921680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         1921680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst      1921680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        1921680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      7148982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7148982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      7148982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7148982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      7148982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7148982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst      1922113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1922113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst      1922113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      1922113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst      1922113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      1922113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16510.351039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16510.351039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16510.351039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16510.351039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16510.351039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16510.351039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6270018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6270018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6270018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6270018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6270018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6270018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14480.411085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14480.411085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14480.411085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14480.411085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14480.411085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14480.411085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                61                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          176.844991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             292398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1850.620253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   176.844991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.690801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.690801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.648438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1040529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1040529                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       447298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         447298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        16785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data       464083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          464083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       464113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         464113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        34436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        34436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         2199                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2199                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1176                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1176                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           78                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           78                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data        36635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         36635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data        36659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        36659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1510848558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1510848558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     58469988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58469988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     14038970                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     14038970                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1580000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1580000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1569318546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1569318546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1569318546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1569318546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       481734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       481734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        18984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1278                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1278                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       500718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       500772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.071483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.115834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.115834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.920188                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.920188                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.493671                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.493671                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.073165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.073205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 43874.101464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43874.101464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26589.353342                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26589.353342                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11937.899660                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11937.899660                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20256.410256                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20256.410256                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 42836.591948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42836.591948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 42808.547587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42808.547587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        34436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1155                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1155                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           53                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        36635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        36659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1415214442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1415214442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     54069012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54069012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       189501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     11518529                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11518529                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1474000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1474000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1469283454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1469283454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1469472955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1469472955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        95500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        95500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.071483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.115834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.903756                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.903756                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.335443                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335443                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.073165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.073205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 41096.946277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41096.946277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        24588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        24588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7895.875000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7895.875000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9972.752381                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9972.752381                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 27811.320755                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27811.320755                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 40106.003931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40106.003931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 40084.916528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40084.916528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry             18453                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                      478505                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        31                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                      37875                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        7                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                  478536                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                  37882                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                           516380                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             38                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                       516418                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                     1908121                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         8                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                 1908129                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                          1908121                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              8                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                      1908129                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                         8502997                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                    1886303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                      1906439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses              1451958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                       6149                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts       302651                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                     1451958                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads            1823190                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes            967225                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads             7160718                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            1295014                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                       518076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                     478614                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     39462                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              42553.131282                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              8460443.868718                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.994996                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.005004                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                           382865                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                  1390086     72.85%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                      25      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                  478614     25.08%     97.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  39462      2.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                   1908189                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                     101                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs            2062566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          3381.255738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3816852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses         3816852                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst      1907511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1907511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst      1907511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total         1907511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst      1907511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total        1907511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      9678484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9678484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      9678484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9678484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      9678484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9678484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst      1908121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1908121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst      1908121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total      1908121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst      1908121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total      1908121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15866.367213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15866.367213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15866.367213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15866.367213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15866.367213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15866.367213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      8446516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8446516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      8446516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8446516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      8446516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8446516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13846.747541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13846.747541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13846.747541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13846.747541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13846.747541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13846.747541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                71                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              207                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          176.237538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              44821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           216.526570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   176.237538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.688428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.688428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1065510                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1065510                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data       442761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         442761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        31190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         3361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1008                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1008                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data       473951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          473951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data       473969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         473969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data        31400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        31400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         4342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          931                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          931                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          594                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          594                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data        35742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         35742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data        35776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        35776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1375504676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1375504676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    174213970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    174213970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7412165                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7412165                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     11009998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     11009998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1598500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1598500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1549718646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1549718646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1549718646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1549718646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data       474161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       474161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        35532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         4292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4292                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data       509693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       509693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data       509745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       509745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.066222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.122200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.122200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.653846                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.653846                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.216915                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.216915                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.370787                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.370787                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.070125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.070184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 43805.881401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43805.881401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 40122.977890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40122.977890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7961.509130                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7961.509130                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18535.350168                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18535.350168                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 43358.475911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43358.475911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 43317.269846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43317.269846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total               77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data        31400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         4342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          594                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          594                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data        35742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data        35776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1293321324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293321324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    164741030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164741030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       345500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       345500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5029335                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5029335                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     10132002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10132002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1286500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1286500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1458062354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458062354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1458407854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458407854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.066222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.122200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.653846                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.653846                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.210391                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210391                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.370787                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370787                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.070125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.070184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 41188.577197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41188.577197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 37941.278213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37941.278213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10161.764706                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10161.764706                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  5569.584718                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5569.584718                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17057.242424                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17057.242424                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 40794.089698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40794.089698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 40764.978030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40764.978030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry             12193                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                      478066                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        26                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                      40579                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                       12                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                  478092                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                  40591                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                           518645                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             38                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                       518683                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                     1904738                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         8                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                 1904746                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                          1904738                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              8                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                      1904746                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                         8507389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                    1881747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                      1903703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses              1452034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       6661                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts       300917                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                     1452034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads            1831611                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes            967069                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads             7151800                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            1288476                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                       520663                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                     478189                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     42474                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              37716.145558                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              8469672.854442                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.995567                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.004433                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                           381154                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                  1385073     72.68%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      35      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                  478189     25.09%     97.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  42474      2.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                   1905777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     130                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              654                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs            1995108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          3050.623853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3810130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses         3810130                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst      1904084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1904084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst      1904084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total         1904084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst      1904084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total        1904084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10093484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10093484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10093484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10093484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10093484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10093484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst      1904738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1904738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst      1904738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total      1904738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst      1904738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total      1904738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15433.461774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15433.461774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15433.461774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15433.461774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15433.461774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15433.461774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8772514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8772514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8772514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8772514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8772514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8772514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13413.629969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13413.629969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13413.629969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13413.629969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13413.629969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13413.629969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                67                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          183.861449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              18859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            78.253112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   183.861449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.718209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.718209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.734375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1070213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1070213                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data       441972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         441972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        33546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         33546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         3438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1124                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1124                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data       475518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total          475518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data       475539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total         475539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data        31588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        31588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         4560                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4560                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         1017                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1017                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          589                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          589                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data        36148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total         36148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data        36176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total        36176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1361931626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1361931626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    193583244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    193583244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8854745                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8854745                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     12862999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     12862999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1088000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1088000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1555514870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1555514870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1555514870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1555514870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data       473560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       473560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        38106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         4455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data       511666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total       511666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data       511715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total       511715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.066703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.119666                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.119666                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.571429                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.228283                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.228283                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.343841                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.343841                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.070648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.070696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 43115.475054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43115.475054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 42452.465789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42452.465789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8706.730580                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8706.730580                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21838.707980                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21838.707980                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 43031.837723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43031.837723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 42998.531347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42998.531347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        31588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          993                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          587                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          587                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        36148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        36176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1279733372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1279733372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    183528756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183528756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       357501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       357501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6392754                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6392754                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     11894001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11894001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       882000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       882000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1463262128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1463262128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1463619629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1463619629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        95500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        95500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.066703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.119666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.222896                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222896                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.342674                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342674                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.070648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.070696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 40513.276307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40513.276307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 40247.534211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40247.534211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 12767.892857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12767.892857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  6437.818731                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6437.818731                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 20262.352641                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20262.352641                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 40479.753458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40479.753458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 40458.304649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40458.304649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry             11162                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.707031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.707031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        4191                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         3                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3021                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    4194                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3021                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             7212                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         7215                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       20013                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   20013                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            20013                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        20013                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                         8507465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      19507                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        23018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                20502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1010                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2764                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       20502                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              34891                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             13996                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               83309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               9201                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         7689                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       4332                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      3357                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              8417055.200988                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              90409.799012                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.010627                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.989373                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             3837                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    15819     67.22%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      20      0.08%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.03%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    4332     18.41%     85.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   3357     14.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     23534                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             124632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           421.054054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            40322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           40322                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        19717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        19717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           19717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        19717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          19717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5791993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5791993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5791993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5791993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5791993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5791993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        20013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        20013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        20013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        20013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        20013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.014790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.014790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.014790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 19567.543919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19567.543919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 19567.543919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19567.543919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 19567.543919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19567.543919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5194007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5194007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5194007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5194007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5194007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5194007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.014790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.014790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.014790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17547.320946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.320946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17547.320946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.320946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17547.320946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.320946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                73                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          223.056653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               4687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.067308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   223.056653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.871315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.871315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            14586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           14586                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         6744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            6744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         6787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           6787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1756497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1756497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1126500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1126500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        96500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        96500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       363500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       363500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2882997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2882997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2882997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2882997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           51                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          115                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015496                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015496                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.156863                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.156863                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.086207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.147826                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.147826                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12821.145985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12821.145985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25033.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25033.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         9650                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9650                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 21382.352941                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21382.352941                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15840.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15840.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15173.668421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15173.668421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1479503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1479503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1036500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1036500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        88500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        88500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       329500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2516003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2516003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2604503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2604503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       103500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       103500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       167500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       167500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015496                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015496                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.156863                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156863                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.017241                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017241                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.147826                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147826                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10799.291971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10799.291971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23033.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23033.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11062.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11062.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19382.352941                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19382.352941                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13824.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13824.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13707.910526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13707.910526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                42                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 4253695000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -44181849.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       44290108.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -29805216.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       29878248.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -169034112.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       169321651.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -74729226.240000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       74994647.040000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -129684454932.480225
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       134374428426.240173
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -38146781505.599976
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       39509738400.959999
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -418203156144.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       433341818640.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.004254
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       59506619.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       8611267.463740
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       8786774.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       2219464.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       2852520.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       407648.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       11147436.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       11482151.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       5846480.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       62607.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       8786774.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       11360327.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       16.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       11360311.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5959.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       2820266.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       368027.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       3241249.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       148.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       172799.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       43078.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       309660
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       72.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       79.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       179.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       504.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       533.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       7.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
