sim_seconds                                  0.000703                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   703049000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3094515669500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               38429267                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 44784947                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              488508993                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    55305686                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      64452912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data         1422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total         1422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total         1422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total             2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total                 9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total                5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             3277154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       728256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         728256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       1820641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1820641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       1820641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            5097795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                         9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                        5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                     40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                 2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                  2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                  2054441000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                  72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                 40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    84.307560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean           52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    50.596443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.970563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                    1796400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat               3016800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                   230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       3.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       2.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    3.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    37.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                     63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                    39                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              97.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                146745785.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  91.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE    638937119                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT       2158371                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          676771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          624153.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          620524.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3                704592                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0          456552.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1                421056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2                418608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3                475320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         2631782.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         2360716.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         2344742.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3              2635776                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0             1161216                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        1061683.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        1061683.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        1224668.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      571079753.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      571203529.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2         571231656                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      571840689.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0        6263550144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      6263441568.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2        6263416896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3        6262882656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        8781813519.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1          8781370008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        8781351410.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        8782021002.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.893270                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.889336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.889171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.895110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total             3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total          3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total                12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks           12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total               12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             4369539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       4369539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            4369539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       4369539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            8739078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                        12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                       12                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                     96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                 3072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                  3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                  3072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys               3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0              26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4              29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                  2199852000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                  96                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                 96                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.862069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.777728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.100509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     13.79%     13.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      3.45%     17.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      3.45%     20.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     10.34%     31.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287           20     68.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0               1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16              1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24              4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                    2395200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat               4022400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                   307200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       4.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       4.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    4.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    4.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    32.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                     84                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                    79                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              82.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 91660500.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  84.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE    637866919                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT       3228571                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0                701568                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          657417.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          694915.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          720921.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0                473280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1                443496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2          468792.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3                486336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         2652249.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         2552908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         2616806.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3              2773056                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        1197711.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        1091543.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        1201443.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        1210982.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      571917899.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      571488019.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      572219023.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      571810210.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      6262814928.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1        6263192016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2        6262550784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3        6262909392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        8782014936.960001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        8781682701.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        8782009065.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        8782168199.039999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.895056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.892109                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.895004                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.896415                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total             3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks         2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total          2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total                12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total               11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             4369539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       364128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         364128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       4005411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            4005411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       4005411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            8374950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                        12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                       11                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                     88                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                 3072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                  3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                  3072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys               2816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                  2161815000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                  96                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                 88                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.862069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   179.852405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    80.416649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     13.79%     13.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      6.90%     20.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     13.79%     34.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287           19     65.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    29.779355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32              3     75.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24              4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                    2633568                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat               4260768                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                   307200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   27433.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              44383.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       4.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       4.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    4.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    4.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    29.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                     84                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                    79                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              89.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 93991956.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  88.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE    636973583                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT       4121907                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          733622.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          687052.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2                647136                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          746323.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0                494904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1                463488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2                436560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          503472.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         2881382.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         2691686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         2452070.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3              2827968                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        1234206.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        1134673.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        1108131.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        1244574.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      572122880.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      571135403.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      571587445.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      572845020.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0        6262635120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1      6263501328.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2        6263104800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3        6262001664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        8782359416.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        8781870933.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        8781593444.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        8782426322.879999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.898112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.893779                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.891318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.898705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total             3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             5461924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       364128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         364128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       1456513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            1456513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       1456513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            6918437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                        15                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                     120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                 3840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                  3840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           24                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                  2195448000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                 120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.739130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   211.187215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.315428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      8.70%      8.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      8.70%     17.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287           19     82.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean           84                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    75.894664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    50.911688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::120-121            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                    3341096                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat               5375096                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                   384000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   27842.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              44792.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       5.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       2.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    5.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    1.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    33.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                    105                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate             125.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                115549894.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  95.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE    638896567                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT       2198923                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          835228.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1                786240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          769910.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3                843696                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0                563448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1                530400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2                519384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3                569160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         3210355.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1              2980224                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         2888870.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         3271257.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        1429954.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        1313832.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        1304294.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        1406730.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      573093011.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      572869589.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2         572661216                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      573350359.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      6261784128.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1        6261980112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2        6262162896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3        6261558384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        8783173426.560001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        8782717699.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        8782563871.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3          8783256888                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.905332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.901289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.899925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.906072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             2548898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       2913026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            2913026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       2913026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            5461924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                 1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                  2201876000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.866667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.588068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.884408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     13.33%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     13.33%     26.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     73.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    13.856406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8               1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                    1581624                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat               2530824                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                   179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   28243.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              45193.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       2.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       2.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    2.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    2.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    29.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                146791733.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  74.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE    640042400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT       1053090                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          721526.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1                662256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2                641088                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          707011.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0                486744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1                446760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2                432480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          476952.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         2883878.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         2528947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2              2408640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         2711654.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        1125135.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        1091543.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        1204346.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      571533382.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      571354064.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      571495625.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      571615735.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0        6263152224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1        6263309520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2        6263185344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3        6263079984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        8782209542.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        8781683983.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        8781512020.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        8782052984.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.896782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.892121                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.890595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.895394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total             2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total                10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total                5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             3641282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       1820641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            1820641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       1820641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            5461924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                        10                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                     40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                 2560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                  2560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           26                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                  2156262000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                  80                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                 40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   237.714286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   218.570354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    59.819509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1      7.14%      7.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      7.14%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     85.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                    2407376                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat               3763376                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                   256000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   30092.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              47042.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       3.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       1.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    3.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    1.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    27.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                     70                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              50.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                143750800.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE    639566048                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT       1529442                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          650764.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          643507.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          703382.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          697334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0                439008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1          434112.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2                474504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3                470424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0              2448576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         2441587.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         2692684.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3              2635776                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        1151262.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        1128453.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        1187758.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        1167851.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      571568676.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      571085170.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      571658800.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      572160911.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0        6263121264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1        6263545392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2      6263042208.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3        6262601760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        8781636852.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        8781535522.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        8782016638.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        8781991357.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.891703                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.890804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.895071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.894847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total             3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total                12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total                5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             4369539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       728256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         728256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       1820641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            1820641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       1820641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            6190180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                        12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                     40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                 2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                  3072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                  2207616000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                  96                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                 40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.052632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   202.802566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.159718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     10.53%     10.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     10.53%     21.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     78.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.191836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    56.568542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                    2522696                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat               4014296                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                   281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   28667.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              45617.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       4.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       2.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    4.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    1.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    33.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                     77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate             100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                129859764.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  91.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE    639729221                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT       1366269                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          670118.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          670118.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          710035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          691891.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0                452064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1                452064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2          478992.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3          466752.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0              2620800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         2541427.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         2792524.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         2580364.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        1141724.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        1114767.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        1201029.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      570965607.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      571797679.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      572026080.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      571586405.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0        6263650272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1        6262920384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2        6262720032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3        6263105712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        8781757886.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        8781753741.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        8782139545.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        8781889455.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.892776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.892739                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.896161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.893943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total             2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total                 8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total                5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             2913026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       364128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         364128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       1820641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            1820641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       1820641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            4733667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                         8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                      64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                     40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                 2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                  2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                  2192455000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                  64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                 40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.725821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48              2    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                    2002592                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat               3087392                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                   204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   31290.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              48240.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       2.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       2.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    2.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    1.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    27.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                     56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate             100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                168650384.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  92.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE    639005156                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT       2090334                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0                638064                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          663465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          688867.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          702777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0                430440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1                447576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2          464712.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3                474096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         2464550.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         2520460.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2              2675712                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         2624793.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        1114767.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        1131770.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        1157898.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      570884840.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      571312039.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      571412286.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      572233305.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0        6263721120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1        6263346384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      6263258448.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3        6262538256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        8781511082.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        8781678997.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        8781915224.640001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        8782005016.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.890587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.892076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.894172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.894968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total             2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total          1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total                 9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total                6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             3277154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       2184769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            2184769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       2184769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            5461924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                         9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                     48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                 2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                  2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys               1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                  2105347000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                  72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                 48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.882353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.320180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.730830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     11.76%     11.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     11.76%     23.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287           13     76.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    33.941125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.970563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                    1796400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat               3016800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                   230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       3.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       2.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    3.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    2.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    32.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                     63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                140356466.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  85.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE    638974912                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT       2120578                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0                710640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          608428.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          717292.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          647740.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0                479400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1                410448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2                483888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3                436968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         2734118.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         2360217.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         2676710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3              2456064                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        1188172.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        1045094.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        1230888.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        1114767.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      571900553.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      570420815.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      572184221.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      570968781.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0        6262830144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1        6264128160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2        6262581312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      6263647488.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        8782100328.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        8781230464.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        8782131614.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        8781529109.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.895813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.888098                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.896091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.890747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total             2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total                10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             3641282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       2913026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            2913026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       2913026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            6554308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                        10                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                 2560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                  2560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                  2061668000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                  80                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.880802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287           14     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    56.568542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                    1996000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat               3352000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                   256000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       3.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       2.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    3.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    2.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                     70                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                114537111.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  76.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE    639485974                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT       1609516                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          697334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          638668.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          690681.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          740275.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0                470424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1                430848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2                465936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3          499392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0              2705664                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         2420121.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         2654246.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3              2810496                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        1082004.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        1254113.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      572021922.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      571418798.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      571395487.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      572322553.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0        6262723680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1        6263252736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2        6263273184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      6262459968.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        8782030905.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        8781500477.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        8781891416.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        8782344098.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.895198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.890493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.893960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.897976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total          2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total                 6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             2184769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       3641282                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            3641282                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       3641282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            5826052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                         6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                       10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                     80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                 1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys               2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                  2228148000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                  48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                 80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    84.307560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    18.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    18.315428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16              2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                    1815936                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat               2629536                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                   153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   37832.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              54782.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       2.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       3.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    2.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    3.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    32.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                     42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                139259250.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  79.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE    639271118                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT       1824372                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0                628992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          636249.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          644716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          684633.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0                424320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1                429216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2                434928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3                461856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         2392166.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         2425113.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2              2453568                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3              2595840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        1074954.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        1104814.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        1098593.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        1151262.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      571201997.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      570895511.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      571006702.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      571480084.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0        6263442912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1        6263711760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2        6263614224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3        6263198976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        8781422642.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        8781459964.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        8781510032.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        8781829953.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.889803                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.890134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.890578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.893415                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total             3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks         4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total          4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total               17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1456513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             5461924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       6190180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            6190180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       6190180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1456513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           11652104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                        15                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                       17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                     120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                    136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                 3840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                  4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                  3840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys               4352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2              25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                  2169905000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                 120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples           40                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.200000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.330265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    81.921538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95            2      5.00%     17.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      2.50%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      2.50%     22.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     10.00%     32.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287           27     67.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total           40                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    17.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    17.828816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0               2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16              2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24              6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                    4446712                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat               6480712                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                   384000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   37055.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              54005.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       5.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       6.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    5.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    6.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    34.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                    105                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                   119                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 67809531.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE    635293523                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT       5801967                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          699148.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1                635040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          709430.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          669513.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0                471648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1                428400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2                478584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3                451656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         2684697.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         2432601.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         2656742.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         2523955.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        1201029.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        1078686.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        1227571.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        1118085.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      571714341.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      571314939.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      571810703.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      571491138.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      6262993488.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1        6263343840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2        6262908960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3        6263189280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        8782021653.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        8781490808.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        8782049291.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        8781700928.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.895116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.890407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.895361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.892271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total             2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total                 8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             2913026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       3277154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            3277154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       3277154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            6190180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                         8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                      64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                 2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                  2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                  2185660000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                  64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.600000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.686684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    80.821050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     15.00%     15.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     15.00%     30.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287           14     70.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    13.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.220202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0               1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16              1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                    1596800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat               2681600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                   204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       2.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       3.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    2.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    3.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    33.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                     56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                128568235.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  85.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE    638924157                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT       2171333                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          697334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          736041.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          707011.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          739065.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0                470424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1                496536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2          476952.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3                498576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0              2740608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         2935795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2              2700672                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         2764569.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        1168266.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        1184440.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        1184440.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        1270702.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      571424762.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      571892235.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      571758390.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      572089884.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0        6263247504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1        6262837440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      6262954848.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3        6262664064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0          8782006200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        8782339789.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        8782039614.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        8782284162.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.894979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.897937                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.895275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.897444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total             3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks         3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total          3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total                12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total               14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             4369539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       5097795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            5097795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       5097795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            9467334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                        12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                       14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                    112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                 3072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                  4096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                  3072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys               3584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                  2193515000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                  96                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples           33                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.212121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.071816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    80.302459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     15.15%     15.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     15.15%     30.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287           23     69.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total           33                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    27.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    20.406792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.079841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8               2     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48              2     40.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    25.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    25.421372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.577709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24              4     80.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              1     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                    2395200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat               4022400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                   307200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       4.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       5.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    4.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    5.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.62                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    29.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                     84                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                   107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              95.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 84365961.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  91.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE    638477632                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT       2617858                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          684028.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          648950.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          688262.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3                713664                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0                461448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1                437784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2                464304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3                481440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         2644761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         2563891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         2597836.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         2632780.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        1072051.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        1184440.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        1230888.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      571441890.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      571158276.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      571799102.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      572067722.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0        6263232480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1        6263481264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2        6262919136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3        6262683504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        8781896396.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        8781619517.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        8781910382.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        8782067301.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.894005                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.891549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.894129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.895521                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total             2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total          1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total                11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total                7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1092385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             4005411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       364128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         364128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       2548898                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            2548898                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       2548898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1092385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            6554308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                        11                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                        7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                     56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                 2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                  2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys               1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         2558                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                  2218983000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                  88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                 56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.052632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   202.802566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.159718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     10.53%     10.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     10.53%     21.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     78.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.254834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                    3163208                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat               4654808                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                   281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   35945.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              52895.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       4.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       2.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    4.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    2.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    29.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                     77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                123276833.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  81.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE    638698386                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT       2397104                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          672537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1                695520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2                662256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          717897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0                453696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1                469200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2                446760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3                484296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         2584857.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         2724134.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         2500492.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         2652249.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        1157898.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        1167851.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        1131356.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        1211397.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      571560085.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      571447307.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      571435542.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      572187559.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0        6263128800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      6263227728.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      6263238048.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3        6262578384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        8781815175.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        8781989041.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        8781671756.160002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        8782089084.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.893284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.894826                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.892012                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.895714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total                 6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total                5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       364128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       728256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             2184769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       1820641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            1820641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       1820641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       364128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       728256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            4005411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                         6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                     40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                 1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                  2168351000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                  48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                 40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.220205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    91.153873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      6.67%     26.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      6.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    36.660606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                    1197600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat               2011200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                   153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       2.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       2.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    2.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    1.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    27.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                     42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                    39                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              97.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                197122818.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  92.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE    639265825                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF      61842600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT       1829665                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          710035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1                686448                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2                695520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          774748.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          478992.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1                463080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2                469200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3          522648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         2756083.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         2707660.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         2671718.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         2908838.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        1145041.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        1184440.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        1293926.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      1942257300.480000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      571881401.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      571324844.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      571491959.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      572721845.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0        6262846944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1        6263335152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2        6263188560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3        6262109712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        8782105243.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        8781919527.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        8781958698.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        8782589019.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.895857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.894210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.894557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.900148                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  45                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 45                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           9376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        15668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        15760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        75009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        75193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   75193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        22500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       324000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        20000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        10000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2161500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1584498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      4701971                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1330500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         2998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        73000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      2376000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        68500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        99000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                            10                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                           15                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               70500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime              99500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             9889                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             12843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   12843    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               12843                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               32500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  46                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy             3574000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded                2955                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy            4040500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded               2870                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 18                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              92                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2569                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2661                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              144                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             144                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total         1445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total         1440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total         1446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total         1448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                  5779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total        18432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total        19968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total        17921                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total        18688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                  75009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        25200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       176579                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1231400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       128800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      3596600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      3722739                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       201600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1420420                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime                  0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy              92200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 43                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy              58200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 13                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              75000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy              97400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 41                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              66600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy              92000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             135600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 34                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            3662400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               2576                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy             102400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                 16                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy             63800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                17                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy             93400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy            140800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                32                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy            149800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                27                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy            183600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                34                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy             70400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                16                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy           1318480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded               706                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy           1318467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded               701                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy           1319693                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded               707                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy           1364598                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded               710                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          131                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           92                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2569                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2661                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          144                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          144                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave         1445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave         1440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave         1446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave         1448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total         5779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        18432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        19968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        17921                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        18688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        75009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        14400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        72000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       524000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        73600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      2055200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2128800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       115200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       576000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                     2                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime         1200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy       696800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded          739                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy       712800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded          739                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy       690500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded          739                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy       683200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded          738                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy      2777600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded         2824                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              39249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             39241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          9390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          12574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              550                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             550                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           79                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           73                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 64430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       278784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       225068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       239104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       193600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       130304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       128524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       132608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       133132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       131840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       121100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       127488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       137488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       101888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        58137                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2139861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     19759200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    208106899                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        20000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        10499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     48625489                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1593996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      4721441                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1352986                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       379484                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       275998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     15080998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         3314                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          319                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           96                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          598                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1055                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           70                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           62                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           23                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     47398982                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      4157493                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2219496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4363998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     11294994                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       106500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq      3846999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1177499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       304500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                         5392                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         350                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           70302468                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           4568493                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                           43340                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            54586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 54586    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              54586                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           75466108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization             10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded              54633                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          35396490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              1089                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         195083360                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            27.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded              8071                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             57000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                57                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          30361983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               934                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         178920392                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            25.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded              7602                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             52000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                52                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         16547984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              509                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        191491345                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           27.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded             7925                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            53000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               53                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         16838492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              518                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        188784781                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           26.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded             7850                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            43000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               43                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         16742490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              515                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        198078275                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization           28.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded             8117                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy            15499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded               15                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            80499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               80                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         16188493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              498                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        208810763                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization           29.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded             8433                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy            15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded               15                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            86997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               86                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy            97500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                3                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         12938492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              398                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          7144498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              267                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           70    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           70    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           70    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           70    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples           70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0               70    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total           70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0              70    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total           70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       288                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7947.987139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     14.336806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3546.039172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   911.034131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   562.174405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   260.046236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   223.618436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   579.126009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   739.715087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    48.131032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst           69                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    25.352951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    49.366777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    47.979733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    24.409880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   468.543645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   335.449644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.432866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.111210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.068625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.031744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.027297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.070694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.090297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.005249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.005875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.008423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.003095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.006026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.005857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.001221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.002980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.057195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.040948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.970213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000610                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.969971                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     90784                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    90784                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1496                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1496                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   29                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   308                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data           261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          423                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          133                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6884                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          414                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             2569                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       372500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       372500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       496500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         2308500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       390500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       195500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       261000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1434000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       195000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       391499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2661000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4425500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1383500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3733500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3480000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3250500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19188000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3033500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4425500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1383500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3374500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       496500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         21496500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3033500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4425500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1383500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3374500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       496500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        21496500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                6594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1496                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1496                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          417                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          442                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           2583                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          108                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.002755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.007326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.008163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.003788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.010050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.016807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.002730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.650000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.916667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.470588                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.733945                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.985714                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.997602                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.995475                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.993103                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.995402                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994580                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.203704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.353535                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.159420                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.447761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.608696                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.482143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.157895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.336207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.002755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.047893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.076419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.033435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.094118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.103093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.087500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.010050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.024653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.002755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.047893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.076419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.033435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.094118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.103093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.087500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.010050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.024653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 124166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 124166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       160500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       128250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25076.923077                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 13016.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  5954.545455                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 24437.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        21750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        43500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        17925                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   158.212560                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   468.750000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   149.997727                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        32500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   152.393538                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120954.545455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126442.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 125772.727273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 124285.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 120388.888889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       123000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       121340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126442.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 125772.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124437.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       126700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 120517.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       100600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123543.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       121340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126442.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 125772.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124437.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       126700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 120517.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       100600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123543.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  131                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       131                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            80                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          414                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          432                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2569                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       339500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       339500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       452500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       704500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1626500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       595500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       433999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       326500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4338999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     22521996                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     22604998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     23943490                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     23494497                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     23533497                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     23493492                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139700470                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2419000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4040500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1262500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3403500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3172000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2953500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       221000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17472000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       339500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2758500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4040500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1262500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3066500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       452500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19582500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       339500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2758500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4040500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1262500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3066500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       452500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19582500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        60500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       540500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       140000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       120000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        70000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       220000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       320000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        80500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       150000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       950500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.007326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.008163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.003788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.010050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.016807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.002730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.650000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.470588                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733945                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.997602                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.995475                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.993103                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.995402                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994580                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.203704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.353535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.159420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.447761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.608696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.482143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.157895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.047893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.076419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.033435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.094118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.103093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.087500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.010050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.024653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.047893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.076419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.033435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.094118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.103093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.087500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.010050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.024653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 113166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 113166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       149500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       117250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54192.307692                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54216.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54136.363636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54249.875000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54416.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54237.487500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54400.956522                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54338.937500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54417.022727                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54385.409722                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54349.877598                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54383.083333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54379.318801                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 109954.545455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115442.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 114772.727273                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 113285.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 109388.888889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73666.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       110340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115442.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 114772.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       115700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 109517.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        89600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112543.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       110340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115442.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 114772.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113437.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       115700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 109517.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        89600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112543.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                         10                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples           39                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           39    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total            39                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           33                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           33    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total           33                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples            70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     14262857.142857                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    35310228.314222                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           57     81.43%     81.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     81.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     81.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            3      4.29%     85.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     85.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     85.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            3      4.29%     90.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     90.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     90.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      2.86%     92.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     92.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     92.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            3      4.29%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            2      2.86%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total              70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        14201001.637155      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                      9984                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples           70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11337142.857143                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   22912145.829255                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           51     72.86%     72.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     72.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     72.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           12     17.14%     90.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     90.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     90.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      5.71%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      1.43%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            2      2.86%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total             70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       12016232.154516      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                   8448                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples              39                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       93848.717949                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      93052.675578                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev       9834.201110                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            1      2.56%      2.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      2.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      2.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      2.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      2.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      2.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      2.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           37     94.87%     97.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     97.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     97.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      2.56%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total                39                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                  39                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           56790025.641026                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          250854476.148968                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows                39    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            245000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value        1563880000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                    39                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples                33                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         63602969.696970                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        262357016.714639                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows              33    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          245000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1517818000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                  33                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                    72                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             30751333.333333                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            178942763.515498                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                  72    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              245000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value          1517818000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                      72                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.014286                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.119523                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0               69     98.57%     98.57% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1                1      1.43%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0              70    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples                70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.557143                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.368758                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                      57     81.43%     81.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                       3      4.29%     85.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                       3      4.29%     90.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                       2      2.86%     92.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                       2      2.86%     95.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                       2      2.86%     98.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                       1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                  70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples               70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.442857                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.895006                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                     51     72.86%     72.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                     12     17.14%     90.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                      4      5.71%     95.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                      1      1.43%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      2      2.86%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total                 70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples           40                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           40    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total            40                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           38                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           38    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total           38                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples            70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     14628571.428571                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    40317612.732903                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           57     81.43%     81.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            4      5.71%     87.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     87.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            3      4.29%     91.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      2.86%     94.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     94.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      2.86%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      2.86%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total              70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        14565129.884261      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                     10240                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples           70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    13531428.571429                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   22104360.792512                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           45     64.29%     64.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     64.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     64.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           17     24.29%     88.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     88.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     88.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            5      7.14%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      2.86%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total             70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       13836873.390048      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                   9728                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples              40                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       102362.500000                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      100740.477932                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      21178.432274                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           35     87.50%     87.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%     87.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%     87.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            2      5.00%     92.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      2.50%     95.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      5.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total                40                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                  40                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean               55212575                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          248628392.248752                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows                40    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            245000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value        1558349000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                    40                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples                38                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         57885894.736842                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        242466687.237068                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows              38    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          185000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1502533000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                  38                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                    78                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             28200820.512821                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            170172792.578430                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                  78    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              185000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value          1502533000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                      78                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0               70    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0              70    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples                70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.571429                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.574907                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                      57     81.43%     81.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                       4      5.71%     87.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                       3      4.29%     91.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                       2      2.86%     94.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                       2      2.86%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                       0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                       2      2.86%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                  70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples               70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.528571                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.863452                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                     45     64.29%     64.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                     17     24.29%     88.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                      5      7.14%     95.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                      2      2.86%     98.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total                 70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples           39                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           39    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total            39                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           32                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    248.031250                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   215.269482                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    45.078057                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      3.12%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      3.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           31     96.88%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total           32                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples            70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     14262857.142857                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    33088437.366709                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           54     77.14%     77.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     77.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     77.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            7     10.00%     87.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     87.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     87.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            3      4.29%     91.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     91.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     91.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      1.43%     92.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     92.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     92.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            3      4.29%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      1.43%     98.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total              70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        14201001.637155      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                      9984                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples           70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11337142.857143                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   19798859.368614                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           49     70.00%     70.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     70.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     70.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     70.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     70.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     70.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           13     18.57%     88.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     88.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     88.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     88.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     88.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     88.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            6      8.57%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            2      2.86%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total             70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       11289398.036268      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                   7937                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples              39                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       96087.179487                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      95826.896136                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev       8246.153154                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           38     97.44%     97.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     97.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     97.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%     97.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%     97.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%     97.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      2.56%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total                39                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                  39                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           56429307.692308                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          243631632.433621                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows                39    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            331000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value        1520089000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                    39                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples                32                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         69234156.250000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        267369587.046520                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows              32    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          735000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1526771000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                  32                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                    71                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             31204126.760563                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            179312062.997838                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                  71    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              318000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value          1514295000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                      71                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.028571                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.167802                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0               68     97.14%     97.14% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1                2      2.86%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0              70    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples                70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.557143                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.281255                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0                      54     77.14%     77.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::1                       7     10.00%     87.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2                       3      4.29%     91.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::3                       1      1.43%     92.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4                       2      2.86%     95.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::5                       3      4.29%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                  70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples               70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.442857                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.773393                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                     49     70.00%     70.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                     13     18.57%     88.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                      6      8.57%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                      2      2.86%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total                 70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples           44                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           44    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total            44                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           29                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           29    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total           29                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples            70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     15725714.285714                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    40721125.399849                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           56     80.00%     80.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            5      7.14%     87.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     87.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      2.86%     90.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      2.86%     92.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     92.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      2.86%     95.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      1.43%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      1.43%     98.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total              70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        16021642.872687      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                     11264                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples           70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    10605714.285714                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   20205867.175724                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           50     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           14     20.00%     91.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     91.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     91.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      5.71%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      1.43%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total             70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       10559719.166089      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                   7424                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples              44                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       100065.909091                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      99109.500233                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      15785.185035                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           39     88.64%     88.64% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%     88.64% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      2.27%     90.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            3      6.82%     97.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%     97.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      2.27%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total                44                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                  44                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           50173090.909091                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          230170498.822960                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows                44    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            245000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value        1511507000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                    44                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples                29                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         23538551.724138                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        24899827.518889                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows              29    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          333000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        95065000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                  29                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                    73                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             9544479.452055                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            16261434.814470                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                  73    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              245000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            69365000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                      73                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.014286                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.119523                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0               69     98.57%     98.57% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1                1      1.43%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0              70    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples                70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.614286                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.590669                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                      56     80.00%     80.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                       5      7.14%     87.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                       2      2.86%     90.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                       2      2.86%     92.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                       2      2.86%     95.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                       1      1.43%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                       1      1.43%     98.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                       1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                  70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples               70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.414286                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.789292                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                     50     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                     14     20.00%     91.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                      4      5.71%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                      1      1.43%     98.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total                 70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples          169                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          169    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total            169                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          132                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     254.068182                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    245.468474                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     22.194901                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.76%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.76% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          131     99.24%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total           132                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples             70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean          58880000                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     141856798.174800                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           55     78.57%     78.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            3      4.29%     82.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            1      1.43%     84.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      1.43%     85.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      2.86%     88.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     88.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            2      2.86%     91.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     91.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     91.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     91.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      1.43%     92.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     92.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      2.86%     95.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      1.43%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            1      1.43%     98.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total               70                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         58988776.031258      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                      41472                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples            70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     46811428.571429                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    67234600.182478                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           24     34.29%     34.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           20     28.57%     62.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     62.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07           12     17.14%     80.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            5      7.14%     87.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     87.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     87.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            2      2.86%     90.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     90.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            3      4.29%     94.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      1.43%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     95.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      1.43%     97.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      1.43%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total              70                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        47702222.746921      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   33537                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples              162                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        106864.197531                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       105977.444526                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       15047.855823                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.62%      0.62% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.62% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.62% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.62% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          149     91.98%     92.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      0.62%     93.21% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            3      1.85%     95.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            4      2.47%     97.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      2.47%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total                162                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                  169                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            13064109.467456                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           116638266.485251                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                3      1.78%      1.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000                0      0.00%      1.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                1      0.59%      2.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000                2      1.18%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                0      0.00%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000                0      0.00%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                0      0.00%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                0      0.00%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000                0      0.00%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000                0      0.00%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000                0      0.00%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                0      0.00%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000                0      0.00%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                2      1.18%      4.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                0      0.00%      4.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               0      0.00%      4.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                161     95.27%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value              21000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value         1511507500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                    169                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples                132                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean               5326125                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         8648375.408128                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              1      0.76%      0.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      0.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      0.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              0      0.00%      0.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              1      0.76%      1.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              0      0.00%      1.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              0      0.00%      1.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              0      0.00%      1.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              0      0.00%      1.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              1      0.76%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              0      0.00%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              0      0.00%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             0      0.00%      2.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows              129     97.73%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         51574500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                  132                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                    301                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              2335709.302326                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             5087400.939146                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                  2      0.66%      0.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                  3      1.00%      1.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                  1      0.33%      1.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                  2      0.66%      2.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                  3      1.00%      3.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                  1      0.33%      3.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                  2      0.66%      4.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                  1      0.33%      4.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                  0      0.00%      4.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                  1      0.33%      5.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                  0      0.00%      5.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                  1      0.33%      5.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                  1      0.33%      5.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                  0      0.00%      5.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                  2      0.66%      6.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                  2      0.66%      7.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                 1      0.33%      7.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  278     92.36%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                16500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             36456000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                      301                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.057143                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.335603                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0                68     97.14%     97.14% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1                 0      0.00%     97.14% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 2      2.86%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total            70                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0               70    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total           70                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples                 70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              2.400000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             5.541412                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-1                     54     77.14%     77.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::2-3                      5      7.14%     84.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-5                      0      0.00%     84.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::6-7                      4      5.71%     90.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-9                      1      1.43%     91.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::10-11                    0      0.00%     91.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-13                    0      0.00%     91.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::14-15                    1      1.43%     92.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-17                    3      4.29%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::18-19                    0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-21                    0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::22-23                    0      0.00%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-25                    1      1.43%     98.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::26-27                    1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-29                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::30-31                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-33                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::34-35                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-37                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::38-39                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                   70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples                70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             1.828571                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            2.626352                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                      24     34.29%     34.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                      20     28.57%     62.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                      12     17.14%     80.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                       5      7.14%     87.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                       0      0.00%     87.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                       2      2.86%     90.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                       3      4.29%     94.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                       1      1.43%     95.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                       0      0.00%     95.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                       0      0.00%     95.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                      1      1.43%     97.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      1      1.43%     98.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      0      0.00%     98.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      1      1.43%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                  70                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       76535                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        24                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      50204                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        7                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   76559                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  50211                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                           126739                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             31                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                       126770                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                      302988                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                  302988                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                           302988                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                       302988                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         1386949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     277518                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       309043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               262204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       7401                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        33050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      262204                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             484299                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            175203                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1168218                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             158004                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       128564                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      76856                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     51708                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              20087.668295                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1366861.331705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.985517                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.014483                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            45183                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   182366     58.63%     58.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      85      0.03%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                12      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   76856     24.71%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  51708     16.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    311028                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1089                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1768176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1623.669421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           607065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          607065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst       301899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         301899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst       301899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          301899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst       301899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         301899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     19377490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19377490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     19377490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19377490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     19377490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19377490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       302988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       302988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       302988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       302988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       302988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.003594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.003594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.003594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17793.838384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17793.838384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17793.838384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17793.838384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17793.838384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17793.838384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     17191510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17191510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     17191510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17191510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     17191510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17191510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.003594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.003594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.003594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15786.510560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15786.510560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15786.510560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15786.510560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15786.510560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15786.510560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               184                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              797                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          221.549395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             541127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           678.954831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   221.549395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.865427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           258668                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          258668                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        67733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          67733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        46170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         46170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          102                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          102                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1194                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1194                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data       113903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          113903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       114005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         114005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         4537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           46                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           46                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1180                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1180                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1791                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1791                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         5209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         5255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     89221816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89221816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      9298499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9298499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     27671057                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     27671057                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     45638990                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     45638990                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2848498                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      2848498                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     98520315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     98520315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     98520315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     98520315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        72270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        72270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        46842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        46842                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          148                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       119112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       119112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       119260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       119260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.062778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.014346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.310811                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.310811                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.286895                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.286895                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.043732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.044063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 19665.377121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19665.377121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13837.052083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13837.052083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23450.048305                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23450.048305                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25482.406477                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25482.406477                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18913.479555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18913.479555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18747.919125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18747.919125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           46                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1138                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1138                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     79304184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79304184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7953501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7953501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       540500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       540500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     24729443                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24729443                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     42524010                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42524010                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2618502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2618502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     87257685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87257685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     87798185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87798185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       220500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       220500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       348500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       348500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.062778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.014346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.310811                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310811                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.276684                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276684                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.558459                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558459                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.043732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.044063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17479.432224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17479.432224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11835.566964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11835.566964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        11750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21730.617750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21730.617750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25509.304139                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25509.304139                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16751.331350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16751.331350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16707.551855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16707.551855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry               776                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       74469                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        21                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      49414                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        7                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                   74490                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  49421                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                           123883                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             28                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                       123911                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                      296748                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                  296748                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                           296748                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                       296748                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         1364444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     271688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       303274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               256961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       7288                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        32772                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      256961                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             473210                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            171671                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             1143643                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes             156464                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       125418                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      74767                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     50651                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              76158.042999                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1288285.957001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.944184                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.055816                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            44594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   179444     58.84%     58.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      75      0.02%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.01%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   74767     24.52%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  50651     16.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    304958                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              934                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1742642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1865.783726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           594430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          594430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst       295814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         295814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst       295814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          295814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst       295814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         295814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15913483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15913483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15913483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15913483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15913483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15913483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       296748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       296748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       296748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       296748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       296748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       296748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.003147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.003147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.003147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17037.990364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17037.990364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17037.990364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17037.990364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17037.990364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17037.990364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     14031517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14031517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     14031517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14031517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     14031517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14031517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15023.037473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15023.037473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15023.037473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15023.037473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15023.037473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15023.037473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               158                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          221.218127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             247160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           375.623100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   221.218127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.864133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           252481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          252481                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        66199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          66199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        45427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         45427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          104                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data       111626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          111626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       111730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         111730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          689                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          689                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           42                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           42                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1061                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1061                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1767                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1767                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         4856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         4898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     78806866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78806866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     11721493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11721493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     25916049                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     25916049                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     45491986                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     45491986                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2623498                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      2623498                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     90528359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     90528359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     90528359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     90528359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        70366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        46116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        46116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          146                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          146                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2938                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2938                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       116482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       116482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       116628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       116628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.059219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.014941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.287671                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.287671                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.268812                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.268812                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.601430                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.601430                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.041689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.041997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18912.134869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18912.134869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17012.326560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17012.326560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 24426.059378                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24426.059378                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25745.323147                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25745.323147                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18642.578048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18642.578048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18482.719273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18482.719273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           42                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1025                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1663                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1663                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     69685134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69685134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10336507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10336507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       301000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       301000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     23302951                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23302951                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     42362014                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42362014                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2415502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2415502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     80021641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80021641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     80322641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80322641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       325500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       325500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       189000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       189000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       514500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       514500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.059219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.014941                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014941                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.287671                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287671                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.259691                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259691                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.566031                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566031                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.041689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.041997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16723.094312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16723.094312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15002.187228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15002.187228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7166.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7166.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 22734.586341                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22734.586341                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25473.249549                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25473.249549                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16478.921129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16478.921129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16399.069212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16399.069212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry               719                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                       72031                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        23                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      44129                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        6                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   72054                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  44135                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                           116160                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             29                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                       116189                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                      283063                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                  283063                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                           283063                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                       283063                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         1284015                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     257852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       283264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               238674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                       6288                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        30753                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      238674                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             440737                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            159794                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1075876                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             149638                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       117646                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      72148                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     45498                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              118376.865149                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1165638.134851                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.907807                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.092193                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            41713                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   167119     58.68%     58.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      54      0.02%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   72148     25.33%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  45498     15.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    284821                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      25                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1710148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          3359.819253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           566635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          566635                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst       282554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         282554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst       282554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          282554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst       282554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         282554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      8799984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8799984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      8799984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8799984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      8799984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8799984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       283063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       283063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       283063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       283063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       283063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17288.770138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17288.770138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17288.770138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17288.770138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17288.770138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17288.770138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      7771016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7771016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      7771016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7771016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      7771016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7771016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15267.222004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15267.222004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15267.222004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15267.222004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15267.222004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15267.222004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                93                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          212.910458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             510750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           972.857143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   212.910458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.831681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.831681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           237388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          237388                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        63443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          63443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        40236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         40236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           36                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1085                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1085                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       103679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          103679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       103715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         103715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         4433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          592                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          592                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1181                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1181                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1831                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1831                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         5025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          5025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         5058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         5058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     88649300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88649300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6882497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6882497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     29112064                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     29112064                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     47403486                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     47403486                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3604998                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3604998                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     95531797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     95531797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     95531797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     95531797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        67876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        67876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        40828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           69                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4084                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4084                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2916                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2916                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       108704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       108704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       108773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       108773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.065310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.014500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.478261                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.478261                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.289177                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.289177                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.627915                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.627915                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.046226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.046501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19997.586285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19997.586285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11625.839527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11625.839527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 24650.350550                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24650.350550                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25889.397051                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25889.397051                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19011.302886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19011.302886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 18887.267102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18887.267102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1151                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1151                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1713                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1713                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     78935700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78935700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5696503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5696503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       269000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       269000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     26246936                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26246936                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     44252514                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44252514                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3315002                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3315002                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     84632203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84632203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     84901203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84901203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        93000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        93000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       124500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       124500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.065310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.014500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.478261                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.478261                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.281832                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281832                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.587449                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587449                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.046226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.046501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 17806.383939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17806.383939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9622.471284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9622.471284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8151.515152                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8151.515152                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 22803.593397                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22803.593397                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25833.341506                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25833.341506                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16842.229453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16842.229453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16785.528470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16785.528470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry               714                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       71410                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        19                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      44077                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   71429                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  44081                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                           115487                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             23                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                       115510                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                      280464                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                  280464                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                           280464                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                       280464                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         1274777                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     255279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       280464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               236484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       6280                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        30169                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      236484                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             437452                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            158308                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1065530                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             147834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       116949                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      71531                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     45418                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              123845.134143                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1150931.865857                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.902850                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.097150                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            41076                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   164996     58.51%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      50      0.02%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   71531     25.37%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  45418     16.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    281997                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      21                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            1688435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3259.527027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           561446                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          561446                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst       279946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         279946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst       279946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          279946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst       279946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         279946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      9183992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9183992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      9183992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9183992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      9183992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9183992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       280464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       280464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       280464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       280464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       280464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       280464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17729.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17729.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17729.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17729.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17729.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17729.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8141008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8141008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8141008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8141008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8141008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8141008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15716.231660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15716.231660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15716.231660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15716.231660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15716.231660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15716.231660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               107                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          210.038259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             375450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           756.955645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   210.038259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.820462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.820462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.730469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           235932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          235932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        62934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          62934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        40191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         40191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data       103125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          103125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       103162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         103162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         4345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          588                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          588                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           31                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1223                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1223                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1821                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1821                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         4933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         4964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     87302757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87302757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      8837497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8837497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     29924042                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     29924042                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     47751486                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     47751486                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2996499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      2996499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     96140254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     96140254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     96140254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     96140254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        67279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        67279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        40779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           68                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4061                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4061                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2900                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2900                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       108058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       108058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       108126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       108126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.064582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.014419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.455882                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.455882                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.301157                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.301157                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.627931                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.627931                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.045651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.045909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20092.694361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20092.694361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15029.756803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15029.756803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 24467.736713                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24467.736713                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26222.672158                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26222.672158                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 19489.206163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19489.206163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 19367.496777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19367.496777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1194                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1194                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1689                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1689                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     77741243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77741243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7658503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7658503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       405000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     26822958                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26822958                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     44588514                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44588514                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2769501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2769501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     85399746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85399746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     85804746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85804746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        90000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       121500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       121500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.064582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.014419                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014419                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.455882                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455882                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.294016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.582414                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582414                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.045651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.045909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 17892.115765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17892.115765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13024.664966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13024.664966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13064.516129                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13064.516129                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 22464.788945                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22464.788945                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26399.357016                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26399.357016                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 17311.929049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17311.929049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 17285.404110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17285.404110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry               742                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                       73454                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        39                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                      44475                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                   73493                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                  44480                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                           117929                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             44                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                       117973                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                      285882                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         8                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                  285890                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                           285882                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              8                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                       285890                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                         1304428                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                     260566                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                       286010                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses               240763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                       6275                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts        31054                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                      240763                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads             445618                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes            161231                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads             1088290                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes             150678                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                       119387                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                      73570                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     45817                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              97678.720581                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              1206749.279419                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.925118                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.074882                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                            42132                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                   168100     58.46%     58.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                      49      0.02%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                   73570     25.59%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  45817     15.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                    287538                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs            1644690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          3193.572816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           572279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          572279                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst       285367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         285367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst       285367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          285367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst       285367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         285367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      9111490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9111490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      9111490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9111490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      9111490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9111490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       285882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       285882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       285882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       285882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       285882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       285882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17692.213592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17692.213592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17692.213592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17692.213592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17692.213592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17692.213592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      8071510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8071510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      8071510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8071510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      8071510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8071510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15672.834951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15672.834951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15672.834951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15672.834951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15672.834951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15672.834951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                94                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          213.454785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             308072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           594.733591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   213.454785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.833808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.833808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           241174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          241174                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        64645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          64645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        40605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         40605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2885                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2885                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1092                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1092                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data       105250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          105250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data       105293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         105293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         4609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          571                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          571                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         1245                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1245                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         1845                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1845                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         5180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          5180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         5205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         5205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     94771228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94771228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      8166995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8166995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     28434570                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     28434570                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     46918986                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     46918986                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3078496                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3078496                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    102938223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    102938223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    102938223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    102938223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        69254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        69254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        41176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           68                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         4130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2937                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2937                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data       110430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       110430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data       110498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       110498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.066552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.013867                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013867                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.367647                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.367647                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.301453                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.301453                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.628192                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.628192                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.046908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.047105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 20562.210458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20562.210458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 14302.968476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14302.968476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 22839.012048                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22839.012048                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 25430.344715                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25430.344715                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19872.243822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19872.243822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19776.795965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19776.795965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         4609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1222                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1222                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1687                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1687                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         5180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         5205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     84649770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84649770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7021005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7021005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       270000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       270000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     25431430                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25431430                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     43782014                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43782014                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2826504                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2826504                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     91670775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91670775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     91940775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91940775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        83500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        83500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        40001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        40001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       123501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       123501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.066552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.013867                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013867                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.367647                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367647                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.295884                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295884                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.574396                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574396                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.046908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.047105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18366.190063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18366.190063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12295.980736                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12295.980736                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        10800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 20811.317512                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20811.317512                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 25952.586841                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25952.586841                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17697.060811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17697.060811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17663.933718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17663.933718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry               732                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                       75183                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        42                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                      44885                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        6                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                   75225                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                  44891                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                           120068                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             48                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                       120116                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                      289855                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         8                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                  289863                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                           289855                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              8                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                       289863                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                         1334086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                     264274                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                       289716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses               243631                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       6272                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts        31506                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                      243631                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads             452107                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes            163175                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads             1104701                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes             152281                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                       121527                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                      75302                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     46225                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              73159.951327                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              1260926.048673                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.945161                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.054839                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                            42731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                   169664     58.25%     58.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      51      0.02%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                   75302     25.86%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  46225     15.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                    291244                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              498                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs            1598725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          3210.291165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           580208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          580208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst       289357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         289357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst       289357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          289357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst       289357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         289357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8709493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8709493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8709493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8709493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8709493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8709493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       289855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       289855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       289855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       289855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       289855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       289855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17488.941767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17488.941767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17488.941767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17488.941767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17488.941767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17488.941767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      7706507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7706507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      7706507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7706507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      7706507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7706507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15474.913655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15474.913655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15474.913655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15474.913655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15474.913655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15474.913655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                92                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          219.001843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             230864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs           412.994633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   219.001843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.855476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.855476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           245746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          245746                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        66038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          66038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        40978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         40978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data       107016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total          107016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data       107061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total         107061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         4827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          573                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          573                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         1331                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1331                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         1854                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1854                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          5400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         5422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         5422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     99431196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99431196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8105991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8105991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     29708593                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     29708593                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     47396985                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     47396985                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3347996                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3347996                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    107537187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107537187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    107537187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107537187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        70865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        41551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           67                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         4248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data       112416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total       112416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data       112483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total       112483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.068115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013790                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013790                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.328358                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328358                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.313324                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.313324                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.627411                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.627411                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 20598.963331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20598.963331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 14146.581152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14146.581152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 22320.505635                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22320.505635                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 25564.716828                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25564.716828                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19914.293889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19914.293889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19833.490778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19833.490778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     88850798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88850798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6952009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6952009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       195500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       195500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     26598907                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26598907                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     44285015                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44285015                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3052004                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3052004                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     95802807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95802807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     95998307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95998307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       130001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       130001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       161501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       161501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.068115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.328358                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328358                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.308616                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308616                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.573942                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573942                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18407.043298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18407.043298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 12132.650960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12132.650960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8886.363636                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8886.363636                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 20289.021358                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20289.021358                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 26111.447524                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26111.447524                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 17741.260556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17741.260556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 17705.331428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17705.331428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry               783                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                        20024290                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              20011658.202497                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              12631.797503                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000631                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999369                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          186.641778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   186.641778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.729069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.729069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           59                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             59                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        10000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        14000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        14000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        14000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        14000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.024590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.024194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         5000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  4666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  4666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  4666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  4666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         6000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.024194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         3000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  2666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  2666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        4739                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         4                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3519                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    4743                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3519                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             8258                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         8262                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       22011                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       4                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   22011                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            22011                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        22011                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                         1406172                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      21480                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        25636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                22848                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1207                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         3009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       22848                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              39384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             15885                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               92934                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               9994                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         8756                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       4904                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      3852                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              1296745.895591                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              109426.104409                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.077818                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.922182                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             4291                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    17386     66.38%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      45      0.17%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.02%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    4904     18.72%     85.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   3852     14.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     26193                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs            1218181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          3060.756281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            44420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           44420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        21613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        21613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           21613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        21613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          21613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7681992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7681992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7681992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7681992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7681992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7681992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        22011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        22011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        22011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        22011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        22011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        22011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 19301.487437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19301.487437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 19301.487437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19301.487437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 19301.487437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19301.487437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6879008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6879008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6879008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6879008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6879008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6879008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17283.939698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17283.939698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17283.939698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17283.939698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17283.939698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17283.939698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                81                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          224.588581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               7715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            51.778523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   224.588581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.877299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            16721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           16721                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           42                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           42                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         7759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            7759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         7801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           7801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3113998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3113998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1171000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1171000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       471500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       471500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4284998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4284998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4284998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4284998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         8038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.207547                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.207547                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.140187                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.140187                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.179245                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.179245                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17494.370787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17494.370787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24395.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24395.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        11500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        11500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24815.789474                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24815.789474                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18960.168142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18960.168142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18080.160338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18080.160338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2756002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2756002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1075000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1075000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       109000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       109000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        55500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        55500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       433500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       433500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3831002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3831002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3940002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3940002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       257000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       257000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014076                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014076                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.207547                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.207547                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.037383                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037383                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.179245                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179245                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15483.157303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15483.157303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22395.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22395.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9909.090909                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9909.090909                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        13875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22815.789474                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22815.789474                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16951.336283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16951.336283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16624.481013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16624.481013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                64                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 703049000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -44092944.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       44300390.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -29745240.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       29885184.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -168770534.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       169413504.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -74583244.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       75024506.880000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -123529528197.120102
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       124304467230.719940
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -36360661279.680000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       36588377684.160011
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -398333552208.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       400832758800.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.000703
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       29379161.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       21817710.480582
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       1501907.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       261778.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       449146.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       289235.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       1608938.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       2773381.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       1005515.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       41043.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       1501907.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       1761314.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       16.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       1761298.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       4461.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       422546.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       260763.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       728859.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       207.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       27098.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       3734.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       63549
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       162.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       131.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       343.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1127.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       882.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       18.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
