sim_seconds                                  0.003929                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3929038000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3109023099500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                7761316                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8680191                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              367655232                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    82943076                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      92762924                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data          255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total          255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total          255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total             1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total           768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total              260624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        195468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             195468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        195468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total             456091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                         4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                     24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                 1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                  1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys                768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                  4005403000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                  32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                 24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.383672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                     798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat               1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                   102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       0.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    0.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    28.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                     28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                572200428.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3583266694                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT        720559                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          699148.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          632620.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          724550.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          644716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0                471648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1                426768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2                488784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3                434928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         2726131.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         2424115.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         2692684.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         2452070.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        1081589.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        1257431.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        1078686.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      643965863.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      643116663.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      644626497.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      643789938.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0        7070074944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1        7070819856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2        7069495440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3        7070229264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        9911300630.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        9910690021.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        9911473796.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        9910818012.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.888849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.884051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.890210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.885057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total          1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total                 6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total                6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       195468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total              390935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        390935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             390935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        390935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       195468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total             781871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                         6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                        6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                     48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                 1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys               1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                  4060182000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                  48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                 48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.613280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    80.228246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     14.29%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    30.983867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                    1197600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat               2011200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                   153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       0.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    0.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    34.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                     42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                338348500.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  85.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3582725066                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT       1262187                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0                819504                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          806803.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2                771120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          857001.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0                552840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1                544272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2                520200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3                578136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         3152947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1              3040128                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2              2892864                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3              3299712                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        1406730.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        1370234.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        1317150.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        1410462.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      645736492.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      645276625.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      645275805.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      646446867.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0        7068521760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1        7068925152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2        7068925872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3        7067898624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        9912378682.560001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        9912151624.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        9911891420.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        9912679212.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.897321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.895537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.893492                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.899683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total                5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       195468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total              456091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        325779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             325779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        325779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       195468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total             781871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                     40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                 1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                  4067192000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                 40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   232.727273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.348031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.262309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1      9.09%      9.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      9.09%     18.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     81.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                    1786688                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat               2735888                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                   179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   31905.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              48855.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       0.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    0.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    27.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              50.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                338932666.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  71.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3582566790                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT       1420463                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          650764.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          670118.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          699148.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          696124.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0                439008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1                452064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2                471648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3                469608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0              2448576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         2489011.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         2684198.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         2636774.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        1141309.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        1181537.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        1194393.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      643770129.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1         644378616                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      644287014.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      644528165.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0        7070246640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1        7069712880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2        7069793232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3        7069581696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        9910884836.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        9911072635.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        9911318043.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        9911255357.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.885582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.887058                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.888986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.888494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total              325779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total          65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        260624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             260624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        260624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total             586403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                  4079880000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.093035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                    1408816                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat               2086816                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   35220.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              52170.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       0.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    0.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    29.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                453320000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  76.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3582717790                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT       1269463                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          672537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1                692496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          708825.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          693100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0                453696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1                467160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2                478176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3                467568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         2612313.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         2596838.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         2780044.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         2592345.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        1135088.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        1171169.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        1157898.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        1197711.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0         644143320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      644635471.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      644294894.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      644177684.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0        7069919280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      7069487568.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2        7069786320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3        7069889136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        9911124644.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        9911239111.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        9911394567.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        9911205954.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.887466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.888366                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.889588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.888105                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total                 6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total              390935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         130312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        260624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             260624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        260624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total             651559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                         6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                 1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         6073                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                  4071378000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                  48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.454545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.197649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.639002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     18.18%     18.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     18.18%     36.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     63.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                    1197600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat               2011200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                   153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       0.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    0.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    36.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                     42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                    19                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              59.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                407137800.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  76.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3582629912                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT       1357341                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          667094.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1                638064                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          631411.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          690681.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0                450024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1                430440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2          425952.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3                465936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         2607820.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         2392665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2              2381184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         2603827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        1134673.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1             1088640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        1091543.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        1201029.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      643608815.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      643879733.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      643623808.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      644204934.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0        7070388144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1        7070150496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2        7070374992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3        7069865232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        9911044980.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        9910768447.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        9910717298.879999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        9911220048.960001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.886840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.884667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.884265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.888216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total             3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks         3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total          3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total                12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total               13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       195468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       195468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total              781871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks        847027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total             847027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks        847027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       195468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       195468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            1628897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                        12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                       13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                    104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                 3072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                  3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                  3072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys               3328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1              25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                  4073480000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                  96                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.613280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.728520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     14.29%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287           20     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.094011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0               1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56              1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24              4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                    2395200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat               4022400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                   307200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       0.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    0.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    28.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                     84                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                    80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              76.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                162939200.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  82.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3581310245                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT       2677008                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          697939.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          664070.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          694915.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          733017.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          470832.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1                447984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2          468792.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3                494496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         2637273.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         2596339.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         2611814.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         2805004.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        1191490.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        1108131.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        1220935.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        1217617.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      644675362.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      644170898.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      644669671.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      644576921.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0        7069452576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      7069895088.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      7069457568.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      7069538928.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        9911313882.240002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        9911070920.640001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        9911312105.280003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        9911554393.920002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.888954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.887044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.888940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.890844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total           512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total              325779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        130312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             130312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total             456091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                        2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys                512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                  4076285000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean          256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287            5    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                     998000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat               1676000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       0.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    0.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    33.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                582326428.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3583609753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT        377500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          729388.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          713059.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2                665280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3                731808                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0          492048.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1          481032.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2                448800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3                493680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         2861414.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         2760076.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2              2476032                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         2819481.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        1214300.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        1184855.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        1144627.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        1227571.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      644395579.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      644133908.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      644452159.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      644491941.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0        7069698000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1        7069927536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      7069648368.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3        7069613472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        9911579138.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        9911388875.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        9911023675.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        9911566362.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.891038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.889543                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.886673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.890938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total                5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total              456091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        325779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             325779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        325779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total             781871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                     40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                 1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                  4083081000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                 40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.866667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.588068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.884408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     13.33%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     13.33%     26.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     73.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40              2    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                    1397200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat               2346400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                   179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       0.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    0.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate             100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                340256750.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  92.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3582279066                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT       1708187                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          720921.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          676771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          628387.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          710035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0                486336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1          456552.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2          423912.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          478992.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         2863910.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         2572876.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2              2396160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         2692684.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        1151677.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        1094860.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        1181122.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      643853905.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      644256973.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      643392999.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3         644248656                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0        7070173152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1        7069819584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2        7070577456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3        7069826880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        9911461121.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        9911122843.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        9910702183.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        9911326778.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.890111                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.887452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.884146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.889055                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total                 6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total                5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total              390935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total          65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        325779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             325779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        325779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total             716715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                         6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                        5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                     40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                 1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                  4059702000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                  48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                 40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.613280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    80.228246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     14.29%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean           52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    50.596443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.970563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                    1197600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat               2011200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                   153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       0.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    0.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    28.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                     42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate             100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                369063818.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  93.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3583057817                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT        929436                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0                680400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          663465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          685843.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          741484.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0                459000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1                447576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2          462672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3          500208.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         2690188.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         2480524.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2              2668224                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         2803507.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        1124720.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        1121817.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        1234206.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      643832127.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      644201159.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      643614341.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      644932382.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0        7070192256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1        7069868544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2        7070383296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3        7069227120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        9911167101.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        9910971495.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        9911157365.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        9911627317.439999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.887800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.886263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.887724                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.891417                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total           512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total              456091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       130312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         130312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        130312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             130312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total             586403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                        2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                 1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys                512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        14501                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                  4052754000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean          256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                    1397200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat               2346400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                   179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       0.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    0.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    35.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                    21                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate             131.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                450306000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  97.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3583323203                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT        664050                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          630806.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          651974.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          648345.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          676771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0                425544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1                439824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2                437376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3          456552.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         2380185.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1              2468544                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         2473036.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3              2575872                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        1084907.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        1128038.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        1121402.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        1135088.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      643850403.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      643894015.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      643674752.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      644193169.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0        7070176224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1      7070137968.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2        7070330304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3        7069875552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        9910736479.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        9910908772.800001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        9910873626.240002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        9911101414.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.884416                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.885770                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.885494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.887284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total              325779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        586403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             586403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        586403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total             912183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                  4046680000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   199.111111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.912421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    86.810740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2     11.11%     27.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     16.67%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     55.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    21.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    20.965931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24              2     66.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                     998000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat               1676000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       0.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    0.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                    59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              81.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                289048571.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  83.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3581310077                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT       2677176                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          643507.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          682214.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          684028.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3                695520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0          434112.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1                460224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2                461448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3                469200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         2476531.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         2580364.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         2663731.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3              2615808                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        1121402.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        1164948.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2             1161216                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        1144627.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      643527172.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      643900800.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      643780033.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      644692271.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0        7070459760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1        7070132016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2        7070237952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3        7069437744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        9910850894.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        9911108976.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        9911176818.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        9911243578.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.885315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.887343                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.887876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.888401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total          1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total                7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total              325779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        456091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             456091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        456091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total             781871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                     56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys               1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                  4025111000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                 56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.823529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.235650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    86.206319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     17.65%     17.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     17.65%     35.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     64.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    18.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.653328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0               1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                    1122280                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat               1800280                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   28057.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              45007.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       0.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    0.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    30.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate             107.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                335425916.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  98.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3582307194                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT       1680059                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          694310.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          760838.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          721526.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3                752976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0                468384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1                513264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2                486744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3                507960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         2732121.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         2996198.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2              2748096                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3              2800512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        1181122.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        1230888.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        1224253.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        1271116.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      643745341.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      645114381.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      644642749.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      645375942.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0        7070268384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1        7069067472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2        7069481184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3        7068838032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        9911278072.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        9911871451.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        9911492961.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        9911734947.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.888672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.893335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.890361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.892263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total             2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total                11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       195468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       195468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total              716715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        521247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             521247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        521247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       195468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       195468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            1237962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                        11                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                 2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                  2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           17                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                  4076115000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                  88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.052632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   202.802566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.159718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     10.53%     10.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     10.53%     21.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     78.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32              2    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                    2699392                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat               4190992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                   281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   30674.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              47624.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       0.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    0.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    28.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                     77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                214532368.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  76.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3581485853                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT       2501400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          691891.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          639273.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          723340.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          679190.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0          466752.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1                431256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2                487968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3                458184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         2692185.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         2464051.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         2688691.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         2543923.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        1191490.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        1091543.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        1254113.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        1131356.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      643962415.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      643448157.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      644277821.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      644541298.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      7070077968.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1        7070529072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2        7069801296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3        7069570176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        9911271111.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        9910791761.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        9911421639.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        9911112536.640001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.888617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.884850                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.889800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.887371                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total             2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total                11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       195468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       195468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total              716715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        260624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             260624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        260624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       195468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       195468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total             977338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                        11                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                 2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                  2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                  4073147000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                  88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.600000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.244532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.795137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     10.00%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      5.00%     15.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      5.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      5.00%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean           60                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    59.866518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                    2850288                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat               4341888                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                   281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   32389.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              49339.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       0.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    0.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    26.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                     77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                    39                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate             121.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                271543133.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  96.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3582180107                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT       1807146                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          668908.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          670118.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          705801.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          703987.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0                451248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1                452064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2                476136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3          474912.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0              2608320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         2604326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         2644262.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         2663731.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        1151262.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        1124720.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        1201029.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        1221350.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      643480496.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      643636995.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      644557440.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3         644471640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0        7070500704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1        7070363424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2        7069556016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3        7069631280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        9911049348.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        9911040057.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        9911329094.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        9911355309.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.886875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.886802                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.889073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.889279                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total             1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total              260624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        260624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             260624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        260624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total             521247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                         4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                 1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                  1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         2129                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                  4061578000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                  32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.575414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean           44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.191836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.284271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                     798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat               1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                   102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       0.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    0.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    37.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                     28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate             125.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                507697250.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                 106.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3582961192                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT       1026061                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          681609.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          715478.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          674956.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3                698544                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0                459816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1                482664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2                455328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3                471240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0              2595840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         2776051.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2              2540928                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         2644262.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        1191075.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        1171169.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        1198126.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      644397986.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      644511366.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      643719623.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      644447672.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      7069695888.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1        7069596432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2        7070290944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3        7069652304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        9911174129.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        9911461476.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        9911041357.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        9911300557.439999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.887855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.890113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.886812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.888849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total              768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total           768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total                3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total              195468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        195468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             195468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        195468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       130312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total             390935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                         3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                     24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                  768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                   768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys                768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                  4033505000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                  24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                 24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean          192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.247758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.523597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2     25.00%     37.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     12.50%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                    1245224                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat               1652024                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                    76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   51884.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              68834.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       0.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    0.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    33.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                     21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                    19                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              79.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                672250833.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3582847964                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF     345168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT       1139289                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0                704592                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1                710640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          713059.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          769305.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0                475320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1                479400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2          481032.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3                518976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         2744601.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         2752588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         2719641.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3              2907840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0             1171584                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        1187758.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        1214300.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        1287290.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      2192188408.320000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0         644029776                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      644435305.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      644137136.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      645439417.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0        7070018880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1        7069663152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2        7069924704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3        7068782352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        9911333161.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        9911417253.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        9911378281.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        9911893590.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.889105                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.889766                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.889460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.893509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                84                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            27334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           3848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           22790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               93                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        60165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        60173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        48129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        48145                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   48145                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         6500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       183500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         3000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1386000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     13667000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1925497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     11395000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2996499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1534500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         4500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                             5                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                            1                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               13500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime               9500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            14291                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             37269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   37269    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               37269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy                3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                   4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy            12834000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded               22979                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           13114500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded              22899                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 11                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp                11                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               84                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           21425                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1365                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          22790                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               93                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              93                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         7255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         3100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total        11468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         7284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         3031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total        11467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         7244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         3005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total        11472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         7235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         3026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total        11467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                 45874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total        11520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total        12289                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total        11520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total        12800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                  48129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        15400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       108214                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       789600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     29994600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1911000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     31883810                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       130200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       918200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         9400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            1                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime               9400                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy              91400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 31                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy              35200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                  8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy              72800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 12                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              53000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 15                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy              65200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 18                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              98600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy              56800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 12                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy              42600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            3023800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               2137                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           20330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              14510                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy           8548200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded              6083                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy             69400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy            148400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                32                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy             55800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                17                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy            114400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                36                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy             35200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy           8200405                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded              5723                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy           8225569                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded              5722                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy           8251875                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded              5728                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy           8233875                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded              5722                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           84                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        21425                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1365                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        22790                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           93                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           93                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        11468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        11467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        11472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        11467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        45874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        11520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        12289                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        11520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        12800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        48129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         8800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        44000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       336000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     17140000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1092000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     18232000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        74400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       372000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                     1                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime          800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy      4666400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded         5745                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy      4666500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded         5745                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy      4649600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded         5744                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy      4669600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded         5745                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy     18648800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded        22895                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             167232                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            152258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate        14974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback              909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           27386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          31242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          194                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          194                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12936                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12936                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        36981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        28007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        28954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                242703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       109312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       124928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        65024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       271872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       103424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       141312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        67072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        86272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        38656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        37120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       261632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        79360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       369408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       167949                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2058053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     83919318                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    225163847                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         3000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     29544979                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     14099027                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1930495                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     11427494                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        97000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      6469996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      6728497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        60904                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          198                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           32                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          286                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           75                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          181                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           41                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     79907982                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      2901998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       621999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4066986                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1249500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        43500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       204000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       794999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        38500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        61674                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         204                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           86845466                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           2983998                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                          181420                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           212511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                212511    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             212511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          136139815                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded             212516                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          13884481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               427                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         846428450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            21.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded             26798                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             32000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                32                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          15865985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               488                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         851467183                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            21.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded             26708                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         34522479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             1062                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        731648307                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           18.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded            30370                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         17945982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              552                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        843743174                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           21.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded            27146                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         10959481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              337                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        857302852                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization           21.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded            26813                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         11480477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              353                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        850098851                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization           21.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded            26827                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy             3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                3                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         33218492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded             1022                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy        363956076                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            9.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded            19681                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy            17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded               17                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            68499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               68                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         46902486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded             1443                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy        387239438                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            9.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded            21333                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy            95000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded               95                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples          391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0          391    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total          391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0          391    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total          391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0          391    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0          391    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples          391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0              391    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total          391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples          391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0             391    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total          391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       149                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7929.838173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        3003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     20.154362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3483.346447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   877.172491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   545.871845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   239.130761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   184.367821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   599.548307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   753.077619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           71                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    93.596271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    70.520115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    23.413172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           65                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    46.731170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           17                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    31.995018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   470.996992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   352.070144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.425213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.107077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.066635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.029191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.022506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.073187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.091928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.008667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.011425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.008608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.007935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.005704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.002075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.057495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.042977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.967998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          711                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7063                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000610                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968872                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    249186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   249186                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           93                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           87                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         1441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   59                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   107                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          1056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data            96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data            91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          1022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst          1441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          123                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data           96                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data           91                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           80                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         1441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7221                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          799                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          639                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         5716                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          592                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          574                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          737                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         5854                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         6507                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              21418                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             1365                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 100                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       794500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         1416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       195000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       195500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1370000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1885500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       504000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3938000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       396500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       372500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       307000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4792000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      12320000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1885500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       794500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4186500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       521000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       248500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         13736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1885500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       794500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4186500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       248500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        13736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           94                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                7125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          804                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          642                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         5727                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          595                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          581                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          745                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         5859                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6524                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            21477                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          480                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          383                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          437                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           1373                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data           94                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           80                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.005650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.010638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.001544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.993781                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.995327                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.998079                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.994958                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.987952                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.989262                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.999147                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.997394                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.997253                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.966667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.995833                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.994778                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.993135                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994173                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.340909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.357143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.645833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.483092                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.008065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.087719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.005650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.194118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.031915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.010870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.114613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.015139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.008065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.087719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.005650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.194118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.031915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.010870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.114613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.015139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 132416.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128727.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   163.329161                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   510.172144                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    34.377187                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   329.391892                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   227.351916                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    88.873813                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    22.292450                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    30.044567                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    63.964889                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  3095.238095                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    47.619048                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       125700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       100800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 127032.258065                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 132166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       153500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       119800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       123200                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       125700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 132416.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       100800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126863.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       130250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       153500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       119800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123747.747748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       125700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 132416.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       100800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126863.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       130250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       153500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       119800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123747.747748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   84                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        84                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          799                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          639                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5716                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          592                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          574                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          737                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         5854                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         6507                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         21418                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1365                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       728500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     43307459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     34683463                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    311169670                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     32236242                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     31141967                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     39960458                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    318361428                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    353902341                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1164763028                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1567500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       540500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     25822999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       216500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       433000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1136000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     20598000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     23482499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73796998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1720500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       449000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3597000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       363500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       339500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       285000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4352000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11220000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1720500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       728500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3823500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       339500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       226500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12515000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1720500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       728500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3823500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       339500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       226500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12515000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        70500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        20000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       110500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.005650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.010638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.993781                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.995327                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.998079                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.994958                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.987952                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.989262                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.999147                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.997394                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997253                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.995833                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.994778                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.993135                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994173                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.340909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.645833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.008065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.087719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.005650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.194118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.031915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.010870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.114613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.015139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.008065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.087719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.005650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.194118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.031915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.010870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.114613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.015139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 121416.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117727.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54202.076345                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54277.719875                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54438.360742                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54453.111486                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54254.297909                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54220.431479                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54383.571575                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54387.942370                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54382.436642                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54051.724138                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54050                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54023.010460                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54125                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54125                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54095.238095                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54062.992126                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54107.140553                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54063.734799                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       114700                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        89800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 116032.258065                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 121166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       142500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112200                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       114700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 121416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        89800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115863.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       119250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       142500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112747.747748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       114700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 121416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        89800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115863.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       119250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       142500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112747.747748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                          5                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples           23                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           23    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total            23                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           22                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           22    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total           22                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples           391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     1505882.352941                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    11855858.280429                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          383     97.95%     97.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     97.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     97.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            3      0.77%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.26%     98.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     98.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            3      0.77%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total             391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        1498585.658881      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                      5888                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples          391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1374936.061381                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   7977512.364236                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          377     96.42%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            9      2.30%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            3      0.77%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            2      0.51%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total            391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       1433429.760669      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                   5632                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples              23                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99252.173913                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98229.774879                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      17365.898390                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           21     91.30%     91.30% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%     91.30% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      4.35%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      4.35%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total                23                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                  23                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           175635913.043478                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          472949773.578636                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows                23    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            490000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value        1808594000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                    23                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples                22                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         184538454.545455                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        325059212.136105                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows              22    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          735000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1193344000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                  22                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                    45                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             90041622.222222                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            242969234.473803                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                  45    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              259000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value          1193344000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                      45                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002558                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.050572                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0              390     99.74%     99.74% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1                1      0.26%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0             391    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples               391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.058824                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            0.463119                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                     383     97.95%     97.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                       3      0.77%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                       0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                       1      0.26%     98.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                       3      0.77%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                       1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                 391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples              391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.053708                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.311622                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                    377     96.42%     96.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                      9      2.30%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                      3      0.77%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                      2      0.51%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total                391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples           26                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           26    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total            26                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           23                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    244.913043                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   201.156412                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    53.171176                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      4.35%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      4.35% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           22     95.65%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total           23                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples           391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     1636828.644501                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    11256354.292932                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          381     97.44%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            3      0.77%     98.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.26%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            5      1.28%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total             391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        1694053.353518      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                      6656                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples          391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1374936.061381                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   8779748.605332                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          378     96.68%     96.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     96.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            9      2.30%     98.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.26%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.51%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total            391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       1433684.275897      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                   5633                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples              26                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean              95300                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      95257.047174                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       3059.411708                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           25     96.15%     96.15% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     96.15% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      3.85%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total                26                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                  26                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           156594576.923077                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          449255069.285605                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows                26    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            490000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value        1830950000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                    26                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples                23                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         177578260.869565                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        329753853.431371                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows              23    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          490000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1306699000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                  23                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                    49                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             83353061.224490                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            240114608.293658                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                  49    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              375000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value          1306699000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                      49                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0              391    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0             391    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples               391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.063939                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            0.439701                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                     381     97.44%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                       3      0.77%     98.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                       1      0.26%     98.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                       5      1.28%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                       0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                       1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                 391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples              391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.053708                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.342959                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                    378     96.68%     96.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                      9      2.30%     98.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                      1      0.26%     99.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                      2      0.51%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total                391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples           28                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           28    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total            28                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           17                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           17    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total           17                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples           391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     1767774.936061                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    13164726.955225                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          382     97.70%     97.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     97.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     97.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            3      0.77%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.26%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            3      0.77%     99.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.51%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total             391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        1824365.149943      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                      7168                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples          391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1113043.478261                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   6116158.396739                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          377     96.42%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           11      2.81%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            3      0.77%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total            391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       1107650.269608      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                   4352                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples              28                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       98785.714286                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      97945.626542                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      15084.397489                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           26     92.86%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      3.57%     96.43% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%     96.43% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            1      3.57%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total                28                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                  28                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           144578714.285714                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          430859173.040020                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows                28    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            490000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value        1807242000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                    28                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples                17                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         229824235.294118                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        453556585.804976                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows              17    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          705000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1822768000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                  17                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                    45                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             86822488.888889                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            293427395.602668                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                  45    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              377000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value          1807242000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                      45                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0              391    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0             391    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples               391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.069054                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            0.514247                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0                     382     97.70%     97.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::1                       3      0.77%     98.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2                       1      0.26%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::3                       0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4                       3      0.77%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::5                       2      0.51%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                 391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples              391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.043478                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.238912                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                    377     96.42%     96.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                     11      2.81%     99.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                      3      0.77%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total                391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples           27                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           27    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total            27                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           23                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           23    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total           23                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples           391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     1767774.936061                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    11236482.929553                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          379     96.93%     96.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     96.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            5      1.28%     98.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.26%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            4      1.02%     99.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            2      0.51%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total             391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        1759209.251730      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                      6912                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples          391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1505882.352941                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9494686.296730                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          379     96.93%     96.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     96.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            5      1.28%     98.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      1.02%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.51%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total            391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       1498585.658881      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                   5888                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples              27                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       98655.555556                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      97885.718419                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      14310.897766                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           25     92.59%     92.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     92.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     92.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%     92.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%     92.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%     92.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      3.70%     96.30% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            1      3.70%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total                27                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                  27                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           150327851.851852                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          438851224.299806                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows                27    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            481000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value        1805336000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                    27                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples                23                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean            176003000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        442951577.282131                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows              23    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          478000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1807637000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                  23                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                    50                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean                 81067120                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            309207130.999207                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                  50    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              358000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value          1805336000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                      50                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0              391    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0             391    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples               391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.069054                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            0.438925                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                     379     96.93%     96.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                       5      1.28%     98.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                       1      0.26%     98.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                       4      1.02%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                       2      0.51%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                 391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples              391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.058824                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.370886                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                    379     96.93%     96.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                      5      1.28%     98.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                      4      1.02%     99.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                      2      0.51%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total                391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6003                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6003    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total           6003                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           85                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            253                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    239.832332                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     27.658633                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      1.18%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      1.18% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           84     98.82%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            85                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples            391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      6678260.869565                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     45414985.813659                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07          380     97.19%     97.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.51%     97.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.26%     97.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.26%     98.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.26%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     98.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.26%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.26%     98.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.26%     99.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.26%     99.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.51%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total              391                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         6776213.414072      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                      26624                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     5368797.953964                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    28067445.296543                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07          365     93.35%     93.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           13      3.32%     96.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      1.02%     97.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     97.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            3      0.77%     98.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     98.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     98.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.26%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            3      0.77%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.26%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total             391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        5473349.965055      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   21505                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples              104                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        106687.500000                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       106054.396390                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       13488.612151                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           97     93.27%     93.27% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            2      1.92%     95.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     95.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      2.88%     98.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.96%     99.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.96%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total                104                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                 6003                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            676940.446443                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           2091110.588171                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000                1      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                1      0.02%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000              163      2.72%      2.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                0      0.00%      2.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000                1      0.02%      2.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                0      0.00%      2.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                0      0.00%      2.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000                0      0.00%      2.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000                0      0.00%      2.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000                0      0.00%      2.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                0      0.00%      2.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000                0      0.00%      2.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                0      0.00%      2.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                4      0.07%      2.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               2      0.03%      2.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows               5831     97.13%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value              30000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value          148911500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                   6003                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples                 85                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          46223982.352941                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         152006658.271001                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              1      1.18%      1.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      1.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      1.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              0      0.00%      1.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              0      0.00%      1.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              0      0.00%      1.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              1      1.18%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              0      0.00%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              0      0.00%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              0      0.00%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              0      0.00%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             0      0.00%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows               83     97.65%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       1191239000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                   85                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                   6088                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              645374.260841                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             835899.078424                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                  1      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                  1      0.02%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                  0      0.00%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                  1      0.02%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                  1      0.02%      0.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                163      2.68%      2.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                  1      0.02%      2.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                  2      0.03%      2.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                  1      0.02%      2.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                  0      0.00%      2.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                  1      0.02%      2.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                  0      0.00%      2.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                  0      0.00%      2.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                  1      0.02%      2.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                  0      0.00%      2.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                  0      0.00%      2.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                  4      0.07%      2.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                 2      0.03%      2.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                 5909     97.06%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                12000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             13948500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                     6088                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.002558                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.050572                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0               390     99.74%     99.74% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1                 1      0.26%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total           391                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0              391    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total          391                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples                391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             15.327366                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            14.835372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             2.999187                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-1                      3      0.77%      0.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::2-3                      0      0.00%      0.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-5                      2      0.51%      1.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::6-7                      4      1.02%      2.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-9                      5      1.28%      3.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::10-11                   12      3.07%      6.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-13                   57     14.58%     21.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::14-15                  106     27.11%     48.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-17                  119     30.43%     78.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::18-19                   63     16.11%     94.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-21                   18      4.60%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::22-23                    1      0.26%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-25                    1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::26-27                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-29                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::30-31                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-33                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::34-35                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-37                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::38-39                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                  391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples               391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.209719                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.096385                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                     365     93.35%     93.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                      13      3.32%     96.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                       4      1.02%     97.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                       0      0.00%     97.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                       3      0.77%     98.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                       0      0.00%     98.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                       1      0.26%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                       0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                       3      0.77%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                       1      0.26%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                      1      0.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                 391                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      523514                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        15                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      18886                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  523529                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  18890                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                           542400                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             19                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                       542419                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     2093297                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 2093297                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          2093297                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      2093297                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         7816058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2082877                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2091782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              1579555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       3152                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       340500                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     1579555                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1911638                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1053097                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             7848984                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1453504                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       543133                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     523623                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     19510                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              56288.453382                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7759769.546618                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.992798                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.007202                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           428255                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1549383     74.04%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      48      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  523623     25.02%     99.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  19510      0.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2092566                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      46                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2394303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          5607.266979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4187021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4187021                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst      2092870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2092870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst      2092870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2092870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst      2092870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2092870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7513981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7513981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7513981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7513981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7513981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7513981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst      2093297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst      2093297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2093297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst      2093297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2093297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17597.145199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17597.145199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17597.145199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17597.145199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17597.145199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17597.145199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6646019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6646019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6646019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6646019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6646019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6646019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15564.447307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15564.447307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15564.447307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15564.447307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15564.447307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15564.447307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                90                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          160.400514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              13046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            90.597222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   160.400514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.626565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.626565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.628906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1109926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1109926                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       497374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         497374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        16106                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16106                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1465                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1465                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          274                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          274                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data       513480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          513480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       513505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         513505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        23832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        23832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        25903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         25903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        25931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        25931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    988896965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    988896965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     69106833                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69106833                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8423652                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8423652                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3031000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3031000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1058003798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1058003798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1058003798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1058003798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       521206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       521206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        18177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2255                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2255                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       539383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       539383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       539436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       539436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.045725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.113935                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.113935                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.528302                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.528302                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.350333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.350333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.267380                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.267380                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.048023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.048071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 41494.501720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41494.501720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 33368.823274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33368.823274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10662.850633                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10662.850633                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        30310                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30310                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40844.836428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40844.836428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40800.732637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40800.732637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           46                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               46                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        23832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        25903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        25931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    926834035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    926834035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     64405167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64405167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       275503                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       275503                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6470845                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6470845                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2831000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2831000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    991239202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    991239202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    991514705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    991514705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.045725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.113935                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113935                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.528302                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528302                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.339690                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339690                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.267380                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267380                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.048023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.048071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38890.317011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38890.317011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 31098.583776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31098.583776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9839.392857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9839.392857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8447.578329                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8447.578329                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        28310                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28310                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38267.351349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38267.351349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38236.655162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38236.655162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             10131                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                      520570                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      19746                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  520570                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  19750                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                           540316                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                       540320                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     2085561                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 2085561                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          2085561                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      2085561                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         7799246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2076002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      2086030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              1574884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       2911                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       339792                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     1574884                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            1905110                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           1048856                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             7822763                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1450354                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       540878                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     520680                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     20198                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              67798.640340                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7731447.359660                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.991307                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.008693                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           427167                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  1545753     74.08%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      32      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  520680     24.95%     99.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  20198      0.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   2086666                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      43                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            2366475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          4849.334016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4171610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         4171610                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst      2085073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2085073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst      2085073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         2085073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst      2085073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        2085073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      7727485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7727485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      7727485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7727485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      7727485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7727485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst      2085561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2085561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst      2085561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      2085561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst      2085561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      2085561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15835.010246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15835.010246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15835.010246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15835.010246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15835.010246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15835.010246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      6739515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6739515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      6739515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6739515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      6739515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6739515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13810.481557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13810.481557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13810.481557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13810.481557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13810.481557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13810.481557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                66                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          189.618671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             131605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           743.531073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   189.618671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.740698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.740698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1105878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1105878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       494410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         494410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        17366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           48                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           48                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data       511776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          511776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       511824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         511824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        24000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        24000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           65                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           65                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        25847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         25847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        25872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        25872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1001228463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1001228463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     59510467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59510467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      8341753                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8341753                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1612000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1612000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1060738930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1060738930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1060738930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1060738930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       518410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       518410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        19213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       537623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       537623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       537696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       537696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.046295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.096133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.096133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.342466                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.342466                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.381888                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.381888                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.345745                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.345745                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.048076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.048116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41717.852625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41717.852625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32220.068760                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32220.068760                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10466.440402                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10466.440402                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        24800                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        24800                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41039.150772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41039.150772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40999.494821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40999.494821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        24000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          775                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          775                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        25847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        25872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    937589537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    937589537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     55254533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55254533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       230501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6465746                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465746                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1490000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1490000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    992844070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    992844070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    993074571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    993074571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.046295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.096133                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096133                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.342466                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342466                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.371346                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371346                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.324468                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324468                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.048076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.048116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 39066.230708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39066.230708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 29915.827287                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29915.827287                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9220.040000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9220.040000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8342.898065                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8342.898065                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 24426.229508                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24426.229508                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 38412.352304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38412.352304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 38384.143901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38384.143901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             10968                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      493704                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      89779                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  493705                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  89781                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                           583483                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                       583486                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     1939894                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 1939894                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          1939894                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      1939894                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         7790555                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1891069                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1949408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1522204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      15320                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       288876                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1522204                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            2062360                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1012445                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             7337069                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1237902                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       588925                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     493804                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     95121                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              69010.924002                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7721544.075998                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.991142                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.008858                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           371078                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1365939     69.87%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      32      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  493804     25.26%     95.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  95121      4.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1954898                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      32                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             1062                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            2203833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2075.172316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3880850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         3880850                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst      1938832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1938832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst      1938832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1938832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst      1938832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1938832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16144979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16144979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16144979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16144979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16144979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16144979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst      1939894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1939894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst      1939894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1939894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst      1939894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1939894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15202.428437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15202.428437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15202.428437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15202.428437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15202.428437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15202.428437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14006021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14006021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14006021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14006021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14006021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14006021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13188.343691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13188.343691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13188.343691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13188.343691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13188.343691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13188.343691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                70                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          169.672969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             638396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2304.678700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   169.672969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.662785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.662785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.660156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1188955                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1188955                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       468770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         468770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        73719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         73719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         6011                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6011                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         4452                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4452                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       542489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          542489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       542512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         542512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        18131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        10376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1116                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1116                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data        28507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         28507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data        28530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        28530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    695844314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    695844314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    435821639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    435821639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8732855                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8732855                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     39839499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     39839499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1131665953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1131665953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1131665953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1131665953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       486901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       486901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        84095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        84095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           46                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         6757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         5568                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5568                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       570996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       570996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       571042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       571042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.037238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.123384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.110404                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.110404                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.200431                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.200431                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.049925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.049961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 38378.705753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38378.705753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 42002.856496                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42002.856496                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11706.239946                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11706.239946                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 35698.475806                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35698.475806                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39697.826955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39697.826955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39665.823800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39665.823800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        18131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        10376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          726                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        28507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        28530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    649856686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    649856686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    414299361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414299361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       184500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       184500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6818645                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6818645                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     37612501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37612501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1064156047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064156047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1064340547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064340547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.037238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.123384                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123384                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.107444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.200072                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200072                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.049925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.049961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 35842.296950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35842.296950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39928.619988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39928.619988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8021.739130                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8021.739130                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9392.073003                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9392.073003                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 33763.465889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33763.465889                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 37329.639983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37329.639983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 37306.012864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37306.012864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              5948                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                      522768                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      17999                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                  522770                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  18003                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                           540767                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              6                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                       540773                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                     2086719                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                 2086719                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                          2086719                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                      2086719                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         7834498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2081468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      2091280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1580171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       2893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       341151                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1580171                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            1900196                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1053096                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             7844612                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1455849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       541425                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     522903                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     18522                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              63677.523840                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              7770820.476160                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.991872                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.008128                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           428599                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1550551     74.12%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      32      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  522903     25.00%     99.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  18522      0.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   2092011                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     151                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            2332902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          4226.271739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4173990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         4173990                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst      2086167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2086167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst      2086167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         2086167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst      2086167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        2086167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8913482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8913482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8913482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8913482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      8913482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8913482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst      2086719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2086719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst      2086719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      2086719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst      2086719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      2086719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16147.612319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16147.612319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16147.612319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16147.612319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16147.612319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16147.612319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      7797518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7797518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      7797518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7797518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      7797518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7797518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14125.938406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14125.938406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14125.938406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14125.938406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14125.938406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14125.938406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                79                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          185.071003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             396912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1945.647059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   185.071003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.722934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.722934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.699219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1107190                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1107190                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       497063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         497063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        16161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           51                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           51                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data       513224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          513224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       513275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         513275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        24581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        24581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           54                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           54                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data        26263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         26263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data        26288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        26288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1014429247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1014429247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     54639000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54639000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     15427427                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     15427427                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1299000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1299000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       129500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       129500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1069068247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1069068247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1069068247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1069068247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       521644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       521644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        17843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          136                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       539487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       539487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       539563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       539563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.047122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.094267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.094267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.328947                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328947                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.786260                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.786260                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.397059                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.397059                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.048681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.048721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 41268.835564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41268.835564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 32484.542212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32484.542212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18722.605583                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18722.605583                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 24055.555556                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24055.555556                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 40706.250124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40706.250124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 40667.538306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40667.538306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        24581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          805                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           53                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        26263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        26288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    949537753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    949537753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     51275000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51275000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       479001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       479001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     13530072                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13530072                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1203000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1203000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       119500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       119500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1000812753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1000812753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1001291754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1001291754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.047122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.094267                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094267                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.328947                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328947                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.768130                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768130                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.389706                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389706                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.048681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.048721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 38628.931004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38628.931004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 30484.542212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30484.542212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 19160.040000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19160.040000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 16807.542857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16807.542857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 22698.113208                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22698.113208                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 38107.327914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38107.327914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 38089.308962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38089.308962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry             10629                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                      524033                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                      15840                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                  524034                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                  15841                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                           539873                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                       539875                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                     2096542                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                 2096542                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                          2096542                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                      2096542                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                         7807040                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                    2087610                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                      2094322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses              1579205                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                       2588                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts       342152                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                     1579205                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads            1901947                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes           1052826                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads             7858013                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            1460334                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                       540438                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                     524124                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     16314                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              69241.464295                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              7737798.535705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.991131                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.008869                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                           429990                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                  1554465     74.20%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                      28      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                  524124     25.02%     99.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  16314      0.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                   2094933                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      98                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              337                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs            2324919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          6898.869436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4193421                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses         4193421                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst      2096205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2096205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst      2096205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total         2096205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst      2096205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total        2096205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5859981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5859981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5859981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5859981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5859981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5859981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst      2096542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2096542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst      2096542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total      2096542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst      2096542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total      2096542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17388.667656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17388.667656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17388.667656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17388.667656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17388.667656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17388.667656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5172019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5172019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5172019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5172019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5172019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5172019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15347.237389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15347.237389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15347.237389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15347.237389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15347.237389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15347.237389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                67                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              126                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          162.394983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs               8950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            71.031746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   162.394983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.634355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.634355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.636719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1105160                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1105160                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data       497695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         497695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        13561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data       511256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          511256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data       511275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         511275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data        24173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        24173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         1767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data        25940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         25940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data        25966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        25966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1002203098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002203098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     53955135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53955135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      8614619                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8614619                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1662000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1662000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        59000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        59000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1056158233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1056158233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   1056158233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1056158233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data       521868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       521868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        15328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data       537196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       537196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data       537241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       537241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.046320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.115279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.115279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.577778                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.577778                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.381604                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.381604                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.371951                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.371951                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.048288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.048332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 41459.607744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41459.607744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 30534.881154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30534.881154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10648.478368                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10648.478368                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 27245.901639                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27245.901639                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 40715.429183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40715.429183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 40674.660441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40674.660441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data        24173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           60                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           60                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data        25940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data        25966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    937942902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    937942902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     49817865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49817865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       158001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       158001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6680880                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6680880                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1546000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1546000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        55000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        55000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    987760767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    987760767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    987918768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    987918768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.046320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.115279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.577778                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577778                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.370755                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370755                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.365854                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365854                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.048288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.048332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 38801.261821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38801.261821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 28193.471986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28193.471986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  6076.961538                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6076.961538                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8499.847328                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8499.847328                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 25766.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25766.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 38078.672591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38078.672591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 38046.628976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38046.628976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry             11517                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                      522856                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                      17416                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                  522857                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                  17417                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                           540272                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                       540274                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                     2091227                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                 2091227                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                          2091227                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                      2091227                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                         7824977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                    2081389                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                      2089200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses              1576471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       2855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts       340694                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                     1576471                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads            1904054                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes           1050912                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads             7839413                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            1454189                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                       540998                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                     522947                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     18051                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              68779.243519                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              7756197.756481                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.991210                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.008790                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                           428310                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                  1548944     74.11%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      28      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                  522947     25.02%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  18051      0.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                   2089972                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     160                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs            2284267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          6471.011331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4182807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses         4182807                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst      2090874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2090874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst      2090874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total         2090874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst      2090874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total        2090874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      6008477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6008477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      6008477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6008477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      6008477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6008477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst      2091227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2091227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst      2091227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total      2091227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst      2091227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total      2091227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17021.181303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17021.181303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17021.181303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17021.181303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17021.181303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17021.181303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5286523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5286523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5286523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5286523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5286523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5286523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14975.985836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14975.985836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14975.985836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14975.985836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14975.985836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14975.985836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                61                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          169.940419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              10485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            79.431818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   169.940419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.663830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.663830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.691406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1105757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1105757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data       496572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         496572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        14830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1465                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1465                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data       511402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total          511402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data       511421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total         511421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data        23951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        23951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         1956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          822                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          822                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           97                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           97                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data        25907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total         25907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data        25934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total        25934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    991257780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    991257780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     68651462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68651462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8856609                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8856609                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2761000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2761000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       119500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       119500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1059909242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1059909242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   1059909242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1059909242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data       520523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       520523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        16786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data       537309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total       537309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data       537355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total       537355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.046013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.116526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.586957                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.586957                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.359423                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.359423                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.341549                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.341549                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 41386.905766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41386.905766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 35097.884458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35097.884458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10774.463504                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10774.463504                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 28463.917526                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28463.917526                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 40912.079438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40912.079438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 40869.485694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40869.485694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        23951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        25907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data        25934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    928806220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    928806220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     64074538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64074538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       215000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       215000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6816391                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6816391                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2581000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2581000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       111500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       111500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    992880758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    992880758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    993095758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    993095758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.046013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.116526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.586957                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586957                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.349366                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349366                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.330986                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330986                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 38779.433844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38779.433844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 32757.943763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32757.943763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7962.962963                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7962.962963                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8531.152691                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8531.152691                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 27457.446809                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27457.446809                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 38324.806346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38324.806346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 38293.196499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38293.196499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry             10266                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                      587723                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                        31                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      87559                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        7                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                  587754                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  87566                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                           675282                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                             38                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                       675320                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                     2328675                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         9                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                 2328684                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                          2328675                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                      2328684                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                         7849556                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                    2280176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                      2336524                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses              1811726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      14723                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts       354119                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                     1811726                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads            2391801                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes           1205785                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads             8780793                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes            1518907                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                       680491                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                     587901                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     92590                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              53901.690460                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              7795654.309540                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.993133                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.006867                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                           451984                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                  1661258     70.94%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                      32      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                  587901     25.10%     96.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  92590      3.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                   2341783                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                     180                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             1022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs            2476542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          2423.230920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4658372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses         4658372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst      2327653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2327653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst      2327653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total         2327653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst      2327653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total        2327653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          1022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         1022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     14846492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14846492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     14846492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14846492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     14846492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14846492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst      2328675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2328675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst      2328675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total      2328675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst      2328675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total      2328675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14526.900196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14526.900196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14526.900196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14526.900196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14526.900196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14526.900196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst         1022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12795508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12795508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12795508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12795508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12795508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12795508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12520.066536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12520.066536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12520.066536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12520.066536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12520.066536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12520.066536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                69                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          182.693573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             442118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1655.872659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   182.693573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.713647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.713647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1361171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1361171                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data       572639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         572639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        72604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         72604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         6042                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6042                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         4035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data       645243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          645243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data       645297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         645297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         8340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         9511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          631                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          631                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         1197                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1197                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data        17851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total         17851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data        17868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total        17868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    330578543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    330578543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    420046547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    420046547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3426485                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3426485                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     33354500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     33354500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       602000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       602000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    750625090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    750625090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    750625090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    750625090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data       580979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       580979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        82115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           71                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         6673                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6673                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         5232                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5232                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data       663094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       663094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data       663165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       663165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.115825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.115825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.239437                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.239437                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.094560                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094560                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.228784                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.228784                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.026921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.026944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 39637.714988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39637.714988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44164.288403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44164.288403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  5430.245642                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5430.245642                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 27865.079365                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27865.079365                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 42049.470058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42049.470058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 42009.463286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42009.463286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         8340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         9511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         1197                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1197                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data        17851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data        17868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    311748457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311748457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    400933451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400933451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       183000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       183000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2010515                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2010515                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     31190500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31190500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       372000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       372000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    712681908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    712681908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    712864908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    712864908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.115825                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115825                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.239437                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239437                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.092312                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092312                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.228784                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228784                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.026921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.026944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 37379.910911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37379.910911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 42154.710441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42154.710441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10764.705882                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10764.705882                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  3263.823052                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3263.823052                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 26057.226399                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26057.226399                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 39923.920677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39923.920677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 39896.177972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39896.177972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry               790                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                      576407                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                        28                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                     110231                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                       20                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                  576435                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                 110251                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                           686638                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                             48                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                       686686                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                     2291388                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                 2291391                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                          2291388                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                      2291391                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                         7858146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                    2231050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                      2304485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses              1802781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   209                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      18031                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts       340818                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                     1802781                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          209                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads            2444555                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes           1198413                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                 145                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads             8649675                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes            1466352                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                       692467                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                     576612                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                    115855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                322.006868                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              7857823.993132                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.999959                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.000041                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                           436874                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                  1617919     70.03%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      10      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                13      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                  576612     24.96%     94.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                 115855      5.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                   2310410                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements             1443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs            2336349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          1619.091476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4584219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses         4584219                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst      2289945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2289945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst      2289945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total         2289945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst      2289945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total        2289945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          1443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         1443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     21592486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21592486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     21592486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21592486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     21592486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21592486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst      2291388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2291388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst      2291388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total      2291388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst      2291388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total      2291388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14963.607762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14963.607762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14963.607762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14963.607762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14963.607762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14963.607762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18696514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18696514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18696514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18696514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18696514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18696514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 12956.697159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12956.697159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 12956.697159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12956.697159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 12956.697159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12956.697159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry               119                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          203.478410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs            1071023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2479.219907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   203.478410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.794838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.794838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1384694                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1384694                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data       560724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         560724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data        92697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         92697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           80                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           80                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         6731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4894                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4894                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data       653421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total          653421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data       653501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total         653501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         8169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data        11112                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11112                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          677                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          677                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         1372                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1372                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data        19281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total         19281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data        19305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total        19305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    291233121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291233121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    479347320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    479347320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3219997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3219997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     38976500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     38976500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       335000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    770580441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    770580441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    770580441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    770580441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data       568893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       568893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data       103809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       103809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7408                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7408                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data       672702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total       672702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data       672806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total       672806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.107043                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.107043                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.091388                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.091388                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.218959                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.218959                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35651.012486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35651.012486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 43137.807775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43137.807775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  4756.273264                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4756.273264                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28408.527697                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28408.527697                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39965.792283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39965.792283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39916.106760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39916.106760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          307                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              307                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         8169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data        11112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          653                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          653                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         1371                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1371                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data        19281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data        19305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    273083879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273083879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    456769680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456769680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       175500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       175500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1735503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1735503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     36368500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36368500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       201000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       201000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    729853559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    729853559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    730029059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    730029059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        89500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        89500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       163000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       163000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.107043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.088148                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088148                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.218800                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218800                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33429.291101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33429.291101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 41105.982721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41105.982721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  7312.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7312.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  2657.738132                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2657.738132                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26526.987600                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26526.987600                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 37853.511695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37853.511695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 37815.543072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37815.543072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry               782                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.host 3929038000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -44463686.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       44596137.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -29995344.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       30084696.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -169928678.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       170344012.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -75326423.040000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       75605114.880000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -135967830466.559814
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       140300058132.480225
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -39974207123.520004
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       41233551917.759979
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -438483890352.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       452467483536.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.003929
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       62580076.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       449019.946706
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       13026997.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       209.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       3402257.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       4272594.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       396161.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       16811641.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       16421661.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       8675430.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       145.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       62473.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       13026997.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       209.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       17013315.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       12.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       17013303.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5684.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       4240424.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       357366.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       4649153.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       122.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       155177.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       40322.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       281457
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       104.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       84.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       219.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       728.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       557.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       11.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
