sim_seconds                                  0.000692                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   691723000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3097972911500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               38593398                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 44074206                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              402762447                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    66281416                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75694723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data         1446                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total         1446                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total         1446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks         2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total          2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total               11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             2590632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       4070994                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            4070994                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       4070994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            6661626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                       11                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                     88                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                 1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                  3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys               2816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           28                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                  2148423000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                 88                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.478261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.218906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.069421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     17.39%     17.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     17.39%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     65.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.978251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0               2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24              4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                    1397200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat               2346400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                   179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       2.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       4.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    2.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    4.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    29.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                    80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              90.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                119356833.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  89.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE    628098747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT       3336400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0                680400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          631411.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          627782.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          708220.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0                459000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1          425952.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2                423504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3                477768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0              2635776                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         2384678.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         2364710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         2647756.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        1081589.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        1074954.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        1231303.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      588444926.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      588550207.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      588676884.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      589183865.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0        6455765232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1        6455672880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2        6455561760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3        6455117040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0          9050980608                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        9050567505.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        9050550382.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        9051186741.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.892014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.888459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.888311                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.893788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total             3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total                12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             4441084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       3330813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            3330813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       3330813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            7771897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                        12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                 3072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                  3072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                  2159296000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                  96                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.898192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    37.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    32.970282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.132892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40              1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                    2395200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat               4022400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                   307200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       4.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       3.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    4.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    3.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    32.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                     84                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                102823619.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE    628781934                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT       2653213                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          703987.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          665884.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2                701568                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          723945.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          474912.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1                449208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2                473280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3                488376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         2660236.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         2584857.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2              2640768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         2785036.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        1201029.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        1111449.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        1214714.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        1214300.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      589242798.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      588838199.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      589592459.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      589165752.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0        6455065344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1        6455420256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2        6454758624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      6455132928.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        9051169094.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        9050890641.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        9051202200.960001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        9051331126.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.893636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.891240                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.893921                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.895030                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total                 6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total                5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             2220542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1850452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1850452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1850452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            4070994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                         6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                        5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                     40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                 1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                  2178556000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                  48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                 40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.400000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.178463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.432316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     10.00%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     10.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     80.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                    1403600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat               2217200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                   153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29241.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46191.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       2.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    2.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    29.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                     42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              50.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                198050545.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  70.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE    630520434                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT        914713                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          734227.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          691286.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          653788.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          747532.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0          495312.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1                466344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2                441048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          504288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0              2885376                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1              2715648                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         2472038.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         2831961.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        1234206.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        1137991.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        1121817.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        1247477.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      589419051.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      588458551.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      588946271.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3         590145624                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0        6454910736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1        6455753280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2        6455325456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3        6454273392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        9051499696.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        9051043888.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        9050781206.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        9051571062.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.896481                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.892559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.890298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.897095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total             2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total                10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             3700903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       2960723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            2960723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       2960723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            6661626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                        10                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                 2560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                  2560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           30                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                  2165471000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                  80                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples           22                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.090909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.314264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.702062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     13.64%     13.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     13.64%     27.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287           16     72.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total           22                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.459393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40              1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                    1996000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat               3352000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                   256000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       3.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       3.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    3.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    2.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                     70                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                120303944.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  90.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE    629136732                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT       2298415                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          838252.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          795916.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          779587.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          847929.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0                565488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1                536928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2                525912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3                572016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0              3222336                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1              3020160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2              2912832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         3291225.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        1436590.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        1330421.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2             1327104                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        1410462.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      590408115.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      590274106.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      590118373.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      590674164.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0        6454043136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      6454160688.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2        6454297296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3        6453809760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        9052334705.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        9051939007.680002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        9051781891.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        9052426344.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.903667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.900262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.898910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.904456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total          1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total                6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             2590632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       2220542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            2220542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       2220542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            4811174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                     48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                 1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys               1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                  2207365000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                 48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.866667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.588068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.884408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     13.33%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     13.33%     26.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     73.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40              2    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                    1397200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat               2346400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                   179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       2.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       2.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    2.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    2.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    32.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                169797307.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  85.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE    629756123                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT       1679024                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0                722736                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          669513.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          648950.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          710035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0                487560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1                451656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2                437784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          478992.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         2891865.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         2552908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         2432601.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         2719641.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        1141309.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        1105228.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        1214300.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      588833821.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      588703150.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      588943370.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      588928322.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0        6455424096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1        6455538720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2        6455328000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3        6455341200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        9051355352.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        9050878044.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        9050716722.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        9051213278.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.895239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.891131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.889743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.894016                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total           256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total                1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             1850452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        370090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             370090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            2220542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                      8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys                256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           22                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                  2145005000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                  8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean          256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287            5    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                     998000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat               1676000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       1.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    1.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    29.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate               0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                357500833.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  72.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE    631057647                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT        377500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          650764.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          649555.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          708220.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3                698544                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0                439008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1          438192.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2                477768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3                471240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0              2448576                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         2465548.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         2712652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         2639769.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        1151262.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        1137991.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        1194808.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        1171169.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      588860634.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      588440439.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      589010293.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      589462882.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0        6455400576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      6455769168.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2        6455269296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      6454872288.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        9050771608.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        9050721681.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        9051193825.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        9051136680.000002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.890215                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.889786                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.893849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.893357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total          1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total                6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             1850452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       2220542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            2220542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       2220542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            4070994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                     48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys               1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           18                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                  2202299000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                 48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.615385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.129882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.782384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     15.38%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     15.38%     30.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     69.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    36.660606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                    1856824                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat               2534824                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   46420.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              63370.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       1.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       2.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    1.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    2.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    29.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                200209000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  85.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE    629808368                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT       1626779                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          670723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          675561.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          717897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3                692496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0          452472.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1                455736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2                484296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3                467160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0              2620800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         2565388.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         2812492.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         2584358.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        1144627.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        1124720.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2             1171584                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        1201029.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      588261997.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      589131115.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      589470816.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      588882576.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0        6455925696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1        6455163312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      6454865328.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      6455381328.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        9050897102.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        9050936620.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        9051343201.920002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        9051029735.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.891295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.891635                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.895134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.892437                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total          1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total                7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             1850452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       2590632                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            2590632                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       2590632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            4441084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                     56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                 1056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys               1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                  2096099000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                 56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   199.384615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.207515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.136655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     23.08%     23.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     15.38%     38.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     61.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                     812150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat               1371500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                   105600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   24610.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              41560.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       1.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       2.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    1.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    2.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     4.60                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                     28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               84.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                174674916.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  76.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE    629296121                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT       2139026                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          638668.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          668908.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2                695520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3                704592                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0                430848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1                451248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2                469200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3                475320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         2464550.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1              2540928                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2              2695680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         2628787.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        1118085.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        1138406.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        1171169.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        1181122.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      588181449.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      588690947.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      588825668.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      589541022.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0        6455996352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1        6455549424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      6455431248.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3        6454803744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        9050650740.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        9050860649.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2          9051109272                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        9051155375.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.889175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.890982                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.893121                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.893518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total           512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total                 6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total                2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             2220542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        740181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             740181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            2960723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                         6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys                512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                  2183019000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                  48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                 16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.093035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                     998000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat               1676000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       1.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       1.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    2.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    35.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate             125.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                272877375.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  98.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE    630297511                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT       1137636                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          712454.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          614476.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          727574.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3                650160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0                480624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1                414528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2                490824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3                438600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         2742105.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         2384179.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         2704665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         2468044.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        1191075.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        1055462.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        1254113.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        1118085.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      589205370.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      587797151.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      589564169.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      588279124.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0        6455098176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1        6456333456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2        6454783440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3        6455910672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        9051250592.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1          9050420040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        9051345573.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        9050685473.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.894337                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.887190                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.895155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.889474                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             1850452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       1480361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            1480361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       1480361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            3330813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                         5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                 1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                  1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                  2181722000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                  40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.093035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                     998000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat               1676000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                   128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       1.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       1.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    1.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    1.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    32.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                     35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                242413555.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  76.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE    630349625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT       1085522                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          697334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          645926.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          694915.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3                743904                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0                470424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1                435744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2          468792.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3                501840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0              2705664                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         2444083.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         2674214.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         2818483.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        1098178.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2             1161216                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        1261163.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0         589313880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      588763725.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      588720058.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      589676673.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0        6455002992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1        6455485584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2      6455523888.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3        6454684752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        9051165661.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        9050694027.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        9051063870.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        9051507602.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.893606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.889548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.892730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.896549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total                 6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             2220542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       1480361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            1480361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       1480361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            3700903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                         6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                 1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                  2172920000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                  48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.400000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.178463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.432316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     10.00%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     10.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     80.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                    1197600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat               2011200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                   153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       2.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       1.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    2.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    1.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    29.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                     42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                217292000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  77.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE    630497644                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT        937503                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          630806.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          641692.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          649555.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          685843.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0                425544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1                432888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2          438192.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3          462672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0              2396160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         2449075.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2              2473536                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         2603827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        1078686.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        1111449.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        1108131.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        1151262.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      588531931.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      588264842.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      588331874.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      588780469.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0        6455688912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1        6455923200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2        6455864400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3        6455470896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        9050572826.879999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        9050643935.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        9050686476.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        9050975757.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.888505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.889117                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.889483                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.891972                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks         3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total          3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total               13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1110271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             5181265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       4811174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            4811174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       4811174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1110271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            9992439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                        14                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                       13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                    104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                 3328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                  3328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                  3584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys               3328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                  2128475000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                 112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.866667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.588068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.529793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     13.33%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     13.33%     26.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287           22     73.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean           34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.640562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.751812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    25.789678                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24              3     75.00%     75.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32              1     25.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                    2805360                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat               4568160                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                   332800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   26974.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              43924.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       4.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       4.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    5.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    4.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    29.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                     91                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                    87                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 78832407.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  85.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE    628562668                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT       2872479                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          703382.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1                644112                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          717897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          673747.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0                474504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1                434520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2                484296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3          454512.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0              2700672                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         2464550.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         2684697.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3              2535936                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        1210982.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        1098593.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        1240842.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        1128038.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      589040553.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      588693847.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      589243564.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      588853301.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0        6455242752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1        6455546880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2        6455064672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      6455407008.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        9051193632.960001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        9050703289.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        9051256756.800001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        9050873329.920002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.893847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.889627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.894390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.891091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             2590632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       3330813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            3330813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       3330813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            5921445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                 1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                  2560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                  1861866000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   195.047619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.112600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.741465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95            2      9.52%     23.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2      9.52%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     14.29%     47.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     52.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    23.075993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    26.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    26.415418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24              2     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32              1     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                    2329656                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat               3143256                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                   153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   48534.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              65484.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       2.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       3.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    2.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    3.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                     41                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                    66                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               85.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              91.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                116366625.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  89.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE    628459308                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT       2975839                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          700963.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          745113.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          716083.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          745113.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0          472872.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1                502656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2          483072.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3                502656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         2752588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         2971737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         2728627.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         2776550.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        1197711.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        1204761.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        1283973.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      588743697.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      589297956.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      589163564.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      589505016.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0        6455503152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1        6455016960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      6455134848.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      6454835328.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        9051168547.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        9051552921.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        9051251742.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        9051469424.640001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.893631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.896939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.894347                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.896221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total             3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total          1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total                6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       740181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1110271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             4811174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       2220542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            2220542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       2220542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       740181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1110271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            7031716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                        13                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                     104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                     48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                 3328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                  3328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys               1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                  2180549000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                 104                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                 48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.619048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.352059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.051082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      9.52%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      9.52%     19.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287           17     80.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    21.166010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.941125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8               1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                    3233648                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat               4996448                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                   332800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   31092.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              48042.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       4.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       2.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    4.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    2.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                     91                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                114765736.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  86.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE    629157913                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT       2277234                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          685843.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          656812.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          696124.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          717897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0          462672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1                443088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2                469608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3                484296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         2652748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         2591846.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2              2625792                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         2648755.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        1177804.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        1088225.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        1201029.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        1234621.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      588749169.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      588535214.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      589148187.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      589431582.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0        6455498352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1        6455686032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2        6455148336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3        6454899744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        9051047376.960001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        9050822005.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        9051109864.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        9051237683.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.892589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.890649                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.893126                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.894226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total             1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total          1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total                 6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total                7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             2220542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       2590632                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            2590632                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       2590632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            4811174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                         6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                        7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                     56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                 1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                  1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys               1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1913                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                  2129585000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                  48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                 56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.613280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    80.228246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     14.29%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total           14                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0               2    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                    1559112                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat               2372712                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                   153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   32481.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              49431.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       2.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       2.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    2.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    2.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                     42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                163814230.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  78.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE    629890914                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT       1544233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          673747.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1                701568                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          670118.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          722131.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0          454512.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1                473280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2                452064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3          487152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         2592844.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1              2748096                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         2520460.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         2656243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        1157898.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        1174901.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        1151262.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        1224253.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      588860524.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      588809525.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      588820086.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      589585728.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0        6455400672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      6455445408.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2        6455436144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      6454764528.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        9050960985.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        9051173566.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        9050870923.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        9051260823.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.891845                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.893675                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.891070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.894425                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total             1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total          1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total                 7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total                5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             2590632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       1850452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            1850452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       1850452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       370090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            4441084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                         7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                     40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                 1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                  1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys               1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                  1869583000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                  56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                 40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.866667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.588068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.884408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     13.33%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     13.33%     26.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     73.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.712813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                    1397200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat               2346400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                   179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       2.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       2.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    2.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    1.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    32.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                     49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate             100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                155798583.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  92.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE    629982701                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF      60742800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT       1452446                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          714268.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          694915.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          702172.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          777772.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0                481848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1          468792.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2                473688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3                524688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         2764070.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         2743603.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         2699673.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         2920819.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        1184440.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1             1161216                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        1191490.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        1300561.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      2001820786.560000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      589241430.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      588678361.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      588874259.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      590036895.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0        6455066544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1        6455560464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2        6455388624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      6454368768.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        9051273388.800001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        9051128138.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        9051150695.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        9051750291.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.894534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.893284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.893478                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.898638                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           9388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        15044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        15092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        57345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        57441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   57441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         7500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        61500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        13000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         6500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1699500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1608500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      4739901                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1037500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         6996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        62499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1947000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        21000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        53000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        22499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        18000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                             9                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                            8                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               43499                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime              71000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            10547                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             12846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   12846    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               12846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy             2798500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded                2300                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy            3052500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded               2221                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              103                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             179                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1896                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2075                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              118                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             118                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total         1127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total         1118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total         1129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total         1123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                  4497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total        11776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total        16128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total        13056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total        16385                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                  57345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         4200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        29229                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       967800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       250600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      2654400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2902925                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       164800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1160721                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            2                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime                800                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             131200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 48                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy              59600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 14                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy              94400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 16                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              88600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 29                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy              47200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 28                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              77000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 15                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy              48800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 12                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy              69400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            2752000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               1926                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy              72600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                 29                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy            152400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                46                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy             77400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy            109800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                27                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy             77000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy            151600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                34                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy             32800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                12                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy            967582                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded               552                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy           1021521                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded               543                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy           1027966                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded               554                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy           1077306                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded               548                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          179                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1896                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2075                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          118                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          118                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave         1127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave         1118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave         1129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave         1123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total         4497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        11776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        16128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        13056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        16385                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        57345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         2400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        12000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       412000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       143200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1516800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1660000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        94400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       472000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         6600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                     3                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime         6600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy       533600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded          575                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy       562400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded          575                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy       527200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded          575                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy       546500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded          575                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy      2144800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded         2197                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              61477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             61458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          9440                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          12675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         1516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp         1516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           71                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           67                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 87289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       100864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       124932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        86272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       109824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       190464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       154916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       104448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       119556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       120320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       168192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       148508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       148736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       209408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       223257                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2200061                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     31010736                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    223405358                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        13000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         6500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     43492971                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1618997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      4776377                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1076990                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       766481                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       247496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     12644495                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         9777                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          436                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          119                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          461                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1385                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          221                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           64                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           21                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     57132444                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      4688498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2864995                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3878999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     11428498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        27500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq      9269494                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1035998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       296000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        12362                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         460                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           85610428                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           5011998                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                           66393                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            77485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 77485    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              77485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           82084558                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization             11.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded              77510                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          12810981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               394                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         242132910                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            35.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded              8959                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             43000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                43                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          10956987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               337                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         238984987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            34.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded              8871                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             38496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                37                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         24183991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              744                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        242908898                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           35.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded             9001                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            46997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               46                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         13265483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              408                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        238339054                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           34.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded             8853                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            43497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               42                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         11964485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              368                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        240311428                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization           34.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded             8914                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            39000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               39                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         21355991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              657                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        236114598                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization           34.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded             8842                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            42000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               42                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         12030488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              370                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy        249508474                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization           36.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded             9185                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy            15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded               15                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            74998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               74                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         26589985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              818                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy        240814657                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization           34.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded             8992                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy           107495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded              105                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           68    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           68    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           68    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           68    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples           68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0               68    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total           68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0              68    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total           68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       209                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7986.721682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        2527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     12.090909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3806.338344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   875.970501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   529.286109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   236.489238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   208.793594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   533.681347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   686.607268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           42                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data           47                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    67.387228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    24.895892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    48.673718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    45.011926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    23.301055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   471.020108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   325.265353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.464641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.106930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.064610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.028868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.025487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.065147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.083814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.005127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.005737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.008226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.003039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.005942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.005495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.001221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.002844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.057498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.039705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8008                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000610                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977539                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     89570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    89570                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1338                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1338                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   35                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   254                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data           325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          406                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          411                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           87                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                     3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                162                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          191                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          226                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          250                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          234                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             1896                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total          378500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       197000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       325500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       195500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       392500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       589000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1961000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1459500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1230500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2128000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2569500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2539000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       949500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2314500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2980500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      16171000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1230500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2569500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2539000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       949500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2314500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3234500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         16549500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1230500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2569500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2539000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       949500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2314500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3234500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        16549500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                7220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1338                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1338                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              197                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          198                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          259                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          230                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          260                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          245                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           1948                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           58                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           87                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.956044                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.757576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.607143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.822335                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.983871                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.988235                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.964646                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.969112                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.982609                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.961538                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.980237                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.955102                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.973306                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.243243                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.487179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.487805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.156250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.487179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.415385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.347044                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.052778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.057971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.023753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.053114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.018136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.052778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.057971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.023753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.053114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.018136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       127000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21888.888889                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        21750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  3741.379310                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        13100                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 24437.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        15700                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        13100                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 34647.058824                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12104.938272                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data   279.914530                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    34.546414                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       121625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       123050                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118222.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 135236.842105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       126950                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        94950                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 121815.789474                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 110388.888889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119785.185185                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 121846.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       123050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118222.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 135236.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       126950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        94950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 121815.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 111534.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119923.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 121846.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       123050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118222.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 135236.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       126950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        94950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 121815.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 111534.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119923.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  103                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       103                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           162                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          191                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          226                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          250                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          234                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1896                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       345500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       489499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       326499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4724500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       271999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       434000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1359500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       272000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       923500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8801497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     13266998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     13687992                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     10375498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     13632997                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     12302998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     13575997                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     13471497                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     12712999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103026976                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1327500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1120500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1930000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2360500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2319000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       839500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2105500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2683500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14686000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1120500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2360500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       839500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2915500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15031500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1120500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2360500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       839500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2915500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15031500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        80499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       240499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       100000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        60000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        70000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       270000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        20000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       180000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        20000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       140499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       150000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       510499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.956044                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.757576                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.822335                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.983871                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.988235                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.964646                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.969112                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.982609                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.980237                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.955102                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973306                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.243243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.487179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.487805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.156250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.487179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.415385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.052778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.057971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.023753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.053114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.018136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.052778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.057971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.023753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.053114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.018136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       116000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54388.777778                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54416.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54304.597701                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54399.800000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54380                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54323.529412                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54330.228395                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54372.942623                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54317.428571                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54321.979058                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54314.729084                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54438.044248                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54303.988000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54320.552419                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54329.055556                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54339.122363                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       110625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       112050                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 107222.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124236.842105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       115950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        83950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 110815.789474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 99388.888889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108785.185185                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110846.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       112050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 107222.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124236.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       115950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        83950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 110815.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 100534.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108923.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110846.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       112050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 107222.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124236.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       115950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        83950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 110815.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 100534.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108923.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                          9                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples           23                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           23    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total            23                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           23                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           23    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total           23                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples            68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     8658823.529412                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    42102349.476378                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           61     89.71%     89.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            3      4.41%     94.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     94.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      2.94%     97.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total              68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        8512077.811494      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                      5888                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples           68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    7905882.352941                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   23924070.701102                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           54     79.41%     79.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           12     17.65%     97.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total             68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       8512077.811494      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                   5888                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples              23                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       96665.217391                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      96320.369828                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev       9424.851515                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           22     95.65%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      4.35%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total                23                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                  23                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           81044391.304348                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          327080900.140058                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows                23    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value        1568501000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                    23                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples                23                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         94729695.652174                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        313198483.254982                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows              23    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          179000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1523618000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                  23                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                    46                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             47075456.521739                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            222055009.200844                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                  46    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              130000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value          1510306000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                      46                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0               68    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0              68    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples                68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.338235                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.644623                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                      61     89.71%     89.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                       3      4.41%     94.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                       2      2.94%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                       1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                  68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples               68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.308824                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.934534                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                     54     79.41%     79.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                     12     17.65%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                      1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total                 68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples           31                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           31    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total            31                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           32                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           32    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total           32                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples            68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     10541176.470588                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    47273495.257059                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           64     94.12%     94.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     94.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            1      1.47%     95.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            2      2.94%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total              68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        11472800.528535      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                      7936                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples           68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    12047058.823529                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   24812469.605760                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           47     69.12%     69.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     69.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     69.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           16     23.53%     92.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     92.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     92.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      2.94%     95.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     95.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     95.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      2.94%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total             68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       11842890.868165      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                   8192                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples              31                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       97241.935484                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      95209.743575                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      20429.909026                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      3.23%      3.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      3.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      3.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           28     90.32%     93.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%     93.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%     93.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      3.23%     96.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%     96.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      3.23%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total                31                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                  31                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           60399516.129032                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          272955647.217745                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows                31    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            245000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value        1517161000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                    31                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples                32                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         65946343.750000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        269810678.007640                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows              32    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          284000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1541202000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                  32                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                    63                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             33496555.555556                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            190465162.226314                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                  63    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              148000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value          1516446000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                      63                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.014706                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.121268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0               67     98.53%     98.53% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1                1      1.47%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0              68    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples                68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.411765                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.933486                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                      61     89.71%     89.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                       3      4.41%     94.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                       0      0.00%     94.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                       2      2.94%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                       1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                  68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples               68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.470588                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.969237                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                     47     69.12%     69.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                     16     23.53%     92.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                      2      2.94%     95.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                      2      2.94%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total                 68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples           30                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           30    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total            30                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           21                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           21    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total           21                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples            68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     10541176.470588                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    46227355.845279                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           62     91.18%     91.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            4      5.88%     97.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total              68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        11102710.188905      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                      7680                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples           68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    7905882.352941                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26632725.253599                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           55     80.88%     80.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           11     16.18%     97.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total             68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       7771897.132234      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                   5376                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples              30                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean              98340                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      95359.114363                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      28033.423401                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      3.33%      3.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      3.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      3.33%      6.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           25     83.33%     90.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%     90.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            2      6.67%     96.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     96.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%     96.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%     96.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     96.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     96.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      3.33%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total                30                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                  30                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           70046566.666667                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          277740720.314603                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows                30    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            245000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value        1511690000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                    30                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples                21                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         97436047.619048                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        330243436.031585                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows              21    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1532569000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                  21                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                    51                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             41203862.745098                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            211145079.857999                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                  51    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              130000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value          1511690000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                      51                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.014706                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.121268                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0               67     98.53%     98.53% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1                1      1.47%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0              68    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples                68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.411765                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.694903                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0                      59     86.76%     86.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::1                       3      4.41%     91.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2                       4      5.88%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::3                       0      0.00%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4                       1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::5                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::13                      1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                  68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples               68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.308824                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           1.040341                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                     55     80.88%     80.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                     11     16.18%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                      1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total                 68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples           37                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           37    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total            37                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           28                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    246.892857                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   210.005851                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    48.190470                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      3.57%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      3.57% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           27     96.43%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total           28                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples            68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     13176470.588235                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    61045923.788881                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           63     92.65%     92.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            2      2.94%     95.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     95.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      1.47%     97.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     97.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total              68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        13693342.566316      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                      9472                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples           68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    10164705.882353                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   20811504.888717                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           48     70.59%     70.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     70.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     70.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           17     25.00%     95.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     95.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      1.47%     97.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total             68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       9993884.835404      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                   6913                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples              37                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       97489.189189                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      95983.272705                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      16299.621396                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            1      2.70%      2.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      2.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      2.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      2.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      2.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      2.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      2.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           31     83.78%     86.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            1      2.70%     89.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     89.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            2      5.41%     94.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%     94.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%     94.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      2.70%     97.30% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            1      2.70%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total                37                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                  37                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           58785135.135135                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          251977779.606452                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows                37    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            206000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value        1519885000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                    37                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples                28                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         24704392.857143                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        38679170.108049                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows              28    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          801000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       169491000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                  28                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                    65                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             10641892.307692                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            21661929.989704                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                  65    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              158000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           128332000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                      65                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0               68    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0              68    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples                68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.514706                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            2.384606                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                      61     89.71%     89.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                       2      2.94%     92.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                       2      2.94%     95.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                       0      0.00%     95.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                       1      1.47%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                       0      0.00%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                       1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                  68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples               68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.397059                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.812949                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                     48     70.59%     70.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                     17     25.00%     95.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                      1      1.47%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                      1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total                 68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples          138                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          138    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total            138                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          104                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     253.548077                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    242.707844                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     25.004807                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.96%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.96% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          103     99.04%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total           104                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples             68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      42917647.058824                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     193677239.542413                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           64     94.12%     94.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            1      1.47%     95.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            1      1.47%     97.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total               68                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         44780931.095251      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                      30976                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples            68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     38023529.411765                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    83510839.617537                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           49     72.06%     72.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           10     14.71%     86.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            5      7.35%     94.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            2      2.94%     97.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total              68                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        38120750.647297      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   26369                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples              121                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        106326.446281                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       104667.275586                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       20264.676857                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            3      2.48%      2.48% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      2.48% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.83%      3.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      3.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          107     88.43%     91.74% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            4      3.31%     95.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     95.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            4      3.31%     98.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%     98.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.83%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.83%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total                121                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                  138                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean                15691000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           129302202.507095                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                     2      1.45%      1.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                 1      0.72%      2.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                0      0.00%      2.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                0      0.00%      2.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                0      0.00%      2.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000                0      0.00%      2.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                2      1.45%      3.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000                2      1.45%      5.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                5      3.62%      8.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000                0      0.00%      8.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                2      1.45%     10.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                0      0.00%     10.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000                0      0.00%     10.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000                2      1.45%     11.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000                1      0.72%     12.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                1      0.72%     13.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000                0      0.00%     13.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                6      4.35%     17.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                0      0.00%     17.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               1      0.72%     18.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                113     81.88%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value         1509569500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                    138                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples                104                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          6651182.692308                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         9704884.760963                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              1      0.96%      0.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      0.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              2      1.92%      2.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              0      0.00%      2.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              1      0.96%      3.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              1      0.96%      4.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              0      0.00%      4.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              1      0.96%      5.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              0      0.00%      5.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      5.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      5.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              1      0.96%      6.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      6.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      6.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              0      0.00%      6.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%      6.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             0      0.00%      6.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows               97     93.27%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         61679500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                  104                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                    242                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              2858359.504132                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             6584403.692509                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                       2      0.83%      0.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                   2      0.83%      1.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                  0      0.00%      1.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                  5      2.07%      3.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                  2      0.83%      4.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                  3      1.24%      5.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                  2      0.83%      6.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                  4      1.65%      8.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 10      4.13%     12.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                  1      0.41%     12.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                  3      1.24%     14.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                  0      0.00%     14.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                  2      0.83%     14.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                  5      2.07%     16.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                  3      1.24%     18.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                  2      0.83%     19.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                  2      0.83%     19.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                  7      2.89%     22.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                  1      0.41%     23.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                 1      0.41%     23.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  185     76.45%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             52140500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                      242                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.029412                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.170214                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0                66     97.06%     97.06% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1                 2      2.94%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total            68                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0               68    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total           68                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples                 68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              1.911765                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             7.656302                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-3                     61     89.71%     89.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-7                      3      4.41%     94.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-11                     1      1.47%     95.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-15                    1      1.47%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-19                    1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-23                    0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-27                    0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-31                    0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-35                    0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-39                    0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-43                    0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::44-47                    0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-51                    0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::52-55                    0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-59                    0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::60-63                    1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-67                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::68-71                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-75                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::76-79                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                   68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples                68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             1.485294                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            3.262142                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                    49     72.06%     72.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                    15     22.06%     94.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                     2      2.94%     97.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                     1      1.47%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                     0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                   0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                   0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                   0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   1      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                  68                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       68963                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        20                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      35876                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   68983                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  35880                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                           104839                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             24                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                       104863                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                      246498                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                  246498                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                           246498                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                       246498                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         1204786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     225025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       243435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               202171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       4569                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        27209                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      202171                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             384104                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            135961                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              945195                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             126786                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       105780                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      69044                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     36736                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              156851.252190                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1047934.747810                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.869810                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.130190                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            36574                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   138613     56.71%     56.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      31      0.01%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   69044     28.25%     84.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  36736     15.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    244426                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      18                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1759137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4464.814721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           493390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          493390                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst       246104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         246104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst       246104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          246104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst       246104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         246104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6354981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6354981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6354981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6354981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6354981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6354981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       246498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       246498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       246498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       246498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       246498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       246498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16129.393401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16129.393401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16129.393401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16129.393401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16129.393401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16129.393401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5555019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5555019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5555019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5555019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5555019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5555019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14099.032995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14099.032995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14099.032995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14099.032995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14099.032995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14099.032995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                46                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          220.040743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             276685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           577.630480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   220.040743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.859534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           216037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          216037                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        59167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          59167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        32633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         32633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2571                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2571                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        91800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           91800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data        91826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          91826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         5568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1603                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1489                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         5987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         6015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         6015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    118922120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118922120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5661994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5661994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     24715819                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     24715819                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     29865482                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     29865482                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3382995                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3382995                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    124584114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    124584114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    124584114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    124584114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        64735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        33052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        33052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2306                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2306                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        97787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        97787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        97841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        97841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.086012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.086012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.012677                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012677                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.518519                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.518519                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.384044                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.384044                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.645707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.645707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.061225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.061477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21358.139368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21358.139368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13513.112172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13513.112172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15418.477230                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15418.477230                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20057.408999                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20057.408999                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20809.105395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20809.105395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20712.238404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20712.238404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1579                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1579                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1364                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1364                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         6015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    106133880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106133880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4818006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4818006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       203500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       203500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     21011681                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21011681                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     27489518                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27489518                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3013005                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3013005                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    110951886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110951886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    111155386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111155386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.086012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.012677                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012677                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.518519                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518519                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.378294                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378294                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.591500                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.591500                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.061225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.061477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 19061.400862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19061.400862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11498.821002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11498.821002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7267.857143                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7267.857143                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13306.954402                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13306.954402                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20153.605572                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20153.605572                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18532.133957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18532.133957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18479.698421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18479.698421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1483                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       68178                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        17                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      35631                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                   68195                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  35635                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                           103809                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             21                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                       103830                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                      244570                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                  244570                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                           244570                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                       244570                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         1189479                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     223070                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       241348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               200337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       4519                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        27043                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      200337                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             380505                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            134607                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads              936557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes             126090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       104724                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      68249                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     36475                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              167634.975230                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1021844.024770                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.859069                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.140931                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            36305                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   137566     56.77%     56.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      18      0.01%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   68249     28.17%     84.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  36475     15.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    242310                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      17                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              337                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1738725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          5159.421365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           489477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          489477                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst       244233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         244233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst       244233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          244233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst       244233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         244233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5735487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5735487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5735487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5735487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5735487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5735487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       244570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       244570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       244570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       244570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       244570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       244570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17019.249258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17019.249258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17019.249258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17019.249258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17019.249258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17019.249258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5052513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5052513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5052513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5052513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5052513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5052513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14992.620178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14992.620178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14992.620178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14992.620178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14992.620178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14992.620178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                55                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          220.284113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             375178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           901.870192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   220.284113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.860485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.860485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           213816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          213816                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        58496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          58496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        32355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         32355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2559                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2559                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        90851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           90851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data        90874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          90874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         5465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          429                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          429                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1608                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1608                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         5894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         5921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    117109225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117109225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5006990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5006990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     25050801                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     25050801                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     30991470                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     30991470                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3199498                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3199498                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    122116215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    122116215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    122116215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    122116215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        63961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        63961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        32784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2297                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2297                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        96745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        96745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        96795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        96795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.085443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.013086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.540000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.540000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.385889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.385889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.646931                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.646931                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.060923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.061171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 21428.952425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21428.952425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11671.305361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11671.305361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15578.856343                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15578.856343                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 20855.632571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20855.632571                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 20718.733458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20718.733458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 20624.255193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20624.255193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         5465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1584                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1584                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1366                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         5894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         5921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    104559769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104559769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4139010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4139010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       222002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       222002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     21295197                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21295197                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     28581530                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28581530                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2853502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2853502                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    108698779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108698779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    108920781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108920781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.085443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.013086                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013086                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.540000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.380130                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380130                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.594689                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594689                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.060923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.061171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19132.620128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19132.620128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9648.041958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9648.041958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8222.296296                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8222.296296                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 13443.937500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13443.937500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 20923.521230                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20923.521230                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18442.276722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18442.276722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18395.673197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18395.673197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1454                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                       75135                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        20                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      40544                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   75155                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  40549                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                           115679                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             25                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                       115704                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                      270577                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         2                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                  270579                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                           270577                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                       270579                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         1314233                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     248817                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       271490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               226506                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                       5703                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        31446                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      226506                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             427218                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            150887                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1050271                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             140509                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       117317                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      75363                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     41954                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              69760.149023                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1244472.850977                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.946919                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.053081                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            41975                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   155857     57.04%     57.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      63      0.02%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                12      0.00%     57.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   75363     27.58%     84.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  41954     15.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    273249                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1747361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2348.603495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           541898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          541898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst       269833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         269833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst       269833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          269833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst       269833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         269833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11501491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11501491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11501491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11501491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11501491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11501491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       270577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       270577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       270577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       270577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       270577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       270577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.002750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.002750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.002750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15458.993280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15458.993280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15458.993280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15458.993280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15458.993280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15458.993280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     10005509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10005509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     10005509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10005509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     10005509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10005509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13448.264785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13448.264785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13448.264785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13448.264785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13448.264785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13448.264785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                83                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              588                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          222.075495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             414506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           704.942177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   222.075495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.867482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           237755                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          237755                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        65304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          65304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        37120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         37120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           74                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           74                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          951                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          951                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       102424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          102424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       102498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         102498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         5525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          564                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          564                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1607                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1607                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1402                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1402                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         6089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          6089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         6125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         6125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    118699580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118699580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     12177492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     12177492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     24278380                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     24278380                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     27001448                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     27001448                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3787496                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3787496                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    130877072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    130877072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    130877072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    130877072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        70829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        37684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          110                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2353                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2353                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       108513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       108513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       108623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       108623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.078005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.014967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.327273                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.327273                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.383349                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.383349                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.595835                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.595835                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.056113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.056388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21484.086878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21484.086878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21591.297872                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21591.297872                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 15107.890479                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15107.890479                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19259.235378                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19259.235378                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21494.017408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21494.017408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21367.685224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21367.685224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1576                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1576                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1291                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         6089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         6125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    106006416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106006416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     11042508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11042508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       287500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       287500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     20564120                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20564120                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     24762552                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24762552                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3409504                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3409504                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    117048924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117048924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    117336424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117336424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       157500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       157500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       285500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       285500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.078005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.014967                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014967                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.327273                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327273                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.375954                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375954                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.548661                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548661                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.056113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.056388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19186.681629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19186.681629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19578.914894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19578.914894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7986.111111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7986.111111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13048.299492                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13048.299492                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19180.907823                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19180.907823                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19223.012646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19223.012646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19156.967184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19156.967184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1564                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       69990                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        19                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      36111                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   70009                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  36115                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                           106101                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             23                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                       106124                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                      251961                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                  251961                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                           251961                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                       251961                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         1225298                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     230501                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       249348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               206805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       4794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        28973                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      206805                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             390541                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            138252                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads              966903                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             132067                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       107317                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      70091                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     37226                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              148102.594487                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1077195.405513                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.879129                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.120871                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            38443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   143279     57.17%     57.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      25      0.01%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   70091     27.97%     85.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  37226     14.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    250623                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      46                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              408                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            1708091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          4186.497549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           504330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          504330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst       251553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         251553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst       251553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          251553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst       251553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         251553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6830483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6830483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6830483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6830483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6830483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6830483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       251961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       251961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       251961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       251961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       251961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       251961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16741.379902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16741.379902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16741.379902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16741.379902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16741.379902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16741.379902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6003517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6003517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6003517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6003517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      6003517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6003517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14714.502451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14714.502451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14714.502451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14714.502451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14714.502451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14714.502451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                75                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          214.283028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             309929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           643.006224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   214.283028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.837043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.837043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           218449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          218449                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        60322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          60322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        32837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         32837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2591                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2591                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data        93159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           93159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data        93188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          93188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         5447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          436                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          436                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1571                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1571                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1505                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1505                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         5883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          5883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         5913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         5913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    113966349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113966349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      6319991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6319991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     25500742                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     25500742                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     30742973                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     30742973                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3832996                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3832996                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    120286340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    120286340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    120286340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    120286340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        65769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        65769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        33273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        33273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           59                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           59                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2322                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2322                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data        99042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        99042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data        99101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        99101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.082820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.013104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.508475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.508475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.377463                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.377463                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.648148                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.648148                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.059399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.059666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20922.773820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20922.773820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14495.392202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14495.392202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 16232.171865                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16232.171865                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20427.224585                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20427.224585                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20446.428693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20446.428693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20342.692373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20342.692373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         5447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1397                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1397                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         5883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         5913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    101486645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101486645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5441009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5441009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       362500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       362500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     21702758                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21702758                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     28354027                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28354027                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3407004                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3407004                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    106927654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106927654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    107290154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107290154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.082820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.013104                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013104                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.508475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.370495                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370495                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.601637                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.601637                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.059399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.059666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18631.658711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18631.658711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12479.378440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12479.378440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12083.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12083.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14074.421530                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14074.421530                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20296.368647                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20296.368647                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18175.701853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18175.701853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18144.791815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18144.791815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1441                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                       68880                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        18                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                      36169                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                   68898                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                  36173                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                           105049                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             22                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                       105071                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                      247939                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                  247939                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                           247939                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                       247939                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                         1250600                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                     226514                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                       245308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses               204109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                       4766                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts        27459                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                      204109                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads             387407                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes            136943                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads              951404                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes             127535                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                       106291                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                      68972                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     37319                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              162864.702531                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              1087735.297469                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.869771                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.130229                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                            36958                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                   140288     56.89%     56.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                      23      0.01%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                   68972     27.97%     84.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  37319     15.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                    246604                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                     129                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs            1684152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          4576.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           496246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          496246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst       247571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         247571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst       247571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          247571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst       247571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         247571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6236985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6236985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6236985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6236985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6236985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6236985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       247939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       247939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       247939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       247939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       247939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       247939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16948.328804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16948.328804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16948.328804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16948.328804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16948.328804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16948.328804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5492015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5492015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5492015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5492015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5492015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5492015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14923.953804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14923.953804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14923.953804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14923.953804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14923.953804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14923.953804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                65                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          219.846529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             237167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           497.205451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   219.846529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.858776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           216459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          216459                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        59140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          59140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        32931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         32931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2595                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2595                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data        92071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total           92071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data        92098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total          92098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         5497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          437                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          437                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         1593                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1593                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         1504                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1504                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         5934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          5934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         5962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         5962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    116598658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116598658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6187992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6187992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     25347801                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     25347801                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     29049980                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     29049980                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3585497                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3585497                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    122786650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    122786650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    122786650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    122786650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        64637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        33368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        33368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           55                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         4188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data        98005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total        98005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data        98060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total        98060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.085044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.013096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.509091                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.509091                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.380372                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.380372                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.650519                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.650519                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.060548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.060800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 21211.325814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21211.325814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 14160.164760                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14160.164760                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 15911.990584                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15911.990584                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19315.146277                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19315.146277                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 20692.054264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20692.054264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 20594.875881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20594.875881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         5497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1569                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1569                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1383                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1383                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         5934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         5962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    103979342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103979342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5307008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5307008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       195500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       195500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     21660699                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21660699                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     26654020                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26654020                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3198503                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3198503                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    109286350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109286350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    109481850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109481850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.085044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.013096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.509091                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.509091                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.374642                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374642                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.598183                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598183                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.060548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.060800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18915.652538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18915.652538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12144.183066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12144.183066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  6982.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6982.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13805.416826                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13805.416826                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19272.610268                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19272.610268                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18416.978429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18416.978429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18363.275746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18363.275746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1505                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                       71698                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        17                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                      40254                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        6                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                   71715                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                  40260                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                           111952                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             23                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                       111975                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                      263155                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         2                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                  263157                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                           263155                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                       263157                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                         1296665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                     241618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                       264546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses               222041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       5818                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts        29588                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                      222041                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads             418411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes            148217                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads             1019689                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes             134614                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                       113804                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                      71921                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     41883                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              108211.820315                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              1188453.179685                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.916546                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.083454                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                            40055                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                   152641     57.27%     57.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      54      0.02%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                12      0.00%     57.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                   71921     26.99%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  41883     15.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                    266511                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      34                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              657                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs            1660977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          2528.123288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           526967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          526967                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst       262498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         262498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst       262498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          262498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst       262498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         262498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10202991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10202991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10202991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10202991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10202991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10202991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       263155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       263155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       263155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       263155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       263155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       263155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15529.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15529.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15529.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15529.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15529.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15529.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8882009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8882009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8882009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8882009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      8882009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8882009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.002497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13519.039574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13519.039574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13519.039574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13519.039574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13519.039574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13519.039574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                73                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          218.366985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             351903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs           596.445763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   218.366985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.852996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.852996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           230088                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          230088                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        62101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          62101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        36912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           70                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           70                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2527                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2527                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data        99013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           99013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data        99083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          99083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         5390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           35                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         1571                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1571                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1477                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          5895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         5930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         5930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    114702769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114702769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6956990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6956990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     25494871                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     25494871                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     30439469                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     30439469                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3316999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3316999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    121659759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    121659759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    121659759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    121659759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        67491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        67491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        37417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          105                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          105                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         4098                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4098                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2328                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2328                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data       104908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total       104908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data       105013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total       105013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.079863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013497                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013497                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.383358                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.383358                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.634450                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.634450                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.056192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.056469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21280.662152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21280.662152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13776.217822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13776.217822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 16228.434755                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16228.434755                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 20608.983751                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20608.983751                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 20637.787786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20637.787786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 20515.979595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20515.979595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           35                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1540                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1540                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1365                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1365                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    102329231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102329231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5938010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5938010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       282500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       282500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     21827629                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21827629                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     28038531                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28038531                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2970001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2970001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    108267241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108267241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    108549741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108549741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        94500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        94500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       240000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       240000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.079863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.375793                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375793                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.586340                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586340                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.056192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.056469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18985.015028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18985.015028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11758.435644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11758.435644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8071.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8071.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 14173.785065                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14173.785065                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 20541.048352                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20541.048352                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18365.944190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18365.944190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18305.183980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18305.183980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1437                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                       71319                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                        38                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      37287                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        3                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                   71357                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  37290                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                           108606                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                             41                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                       108647                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                      256605                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         8                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                  256613                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                           256605                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              8                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                       256613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                         1260125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                     234803                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                       254377                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses               212191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       4998                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts        28262                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                      212191                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads             401760                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes            142667                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              986503                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes             130852                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                       109915                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      71492                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     38423                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              126131.332376                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              1133993.667624                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.899906                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.100094                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                            38087                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                   145793     57.01%     57.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.01%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   71492     27.96%     84.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  38423     15.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                    255737                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      56                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs            1604615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          4336.797297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           513580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          513580                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst       256235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         256235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst       256235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          256235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst       256235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         256235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      6087488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6087488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      6087488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6087488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      6087488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6087488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       256605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       256605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       256605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       256605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       256605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       256605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 16452.670270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16452.670270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 16452.670270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16452.670270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 16452.670270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16452.670270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      5336512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5336512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      5336512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5336512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      5336512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5336512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14423.005405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14423.005405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14423.005405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14423.005405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14423.005405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14423.005405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                51                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          220.228316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             228333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs           401.994718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   220.228316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.860267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.860267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           223702                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          223702                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        61216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          61216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        33937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         33937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         2652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          849                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          849                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data        95153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           95153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data        95207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          95207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         5685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          432                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          432                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         1689                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1689                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         1503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data         6117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total          6117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data         6140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total         6140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    120866234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120866234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5970988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5970988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     25570293                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     25570293                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     30530963                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     30530963                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4011995                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      4011995                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    126837222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    126837222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    126837222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    126837222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        66901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        66901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        34369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         4341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data       101270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       101270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data       101347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       101347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.084976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.012569                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012569                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.298701                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.298701                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.389081                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.389081                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.639031                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.639031                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.060403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.060584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 21260.551275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21260.551275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 13821.731481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13821.731481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 15139.309059                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15139.309059                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20313.348636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20313.348636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20735.200589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20735.200589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20657.528013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20657.528013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         5685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         1376                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1376                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         6117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         6140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    107881764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107881764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5096012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5096012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       193001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       193001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     21675706                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21675706                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     28142037                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28142037                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3621005                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3621005                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    112977776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112977776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    113170777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113170777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.084976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.012569                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012569                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.298701                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298701                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.384474                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384474                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.585034                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585034                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.060403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.060584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 18976.563588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18976.563588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11796.324074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11796.324074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  8391.347826                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8391.347826                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12987.241462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12987.241462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20452.061773                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20452.061773                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 18469.474579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18469.474579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 18431.722638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18431.722638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1462                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                       74684                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                        47                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                      40564                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        9                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                   74731                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                  40573                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                           115248                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                             56                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                       115304                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                      279640                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      10                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                  279644                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                           279640                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                       279644                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                         1383413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                     257242                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                       282133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses               236183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       6177                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts        32550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                      236183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads             439873                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes            159141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads             1080755                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes             144118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                       116842                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                      75004                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                     41838                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              56720.694900                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              1326692.305100                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.958999                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.041001                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                            43523                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                   166946     58.82%     58.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      39      0.01%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                17      0.01%     58.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                   75004     26.42%     85.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                  41838     14.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                    283846                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      43                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              818                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs            1467133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          1793.561125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses           560098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses          560098                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst       278822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         278822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst       278822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total          278822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst       278822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total         278822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13819985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13819985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13819985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13819985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13819985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13819985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst       279640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       279640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst       279640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total       279640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst       279640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total       279640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.002925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.002925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.002925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16894.847188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16894.847188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16894.847188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16894.847188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16894.847188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16894.847188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12174015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12174015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12174015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12174015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12174015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12174015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.002925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.002925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.002925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14882.658924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14882.658924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14882.658924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14882.658924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14882.658924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14882.658924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry               126                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          235.288171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs            1947489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2731.401122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   235.288171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.919094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           236737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses          236737                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data        64714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          64714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data        37030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         37030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           91                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           91                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          955                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data       101744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total          101744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data       101835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total         101835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          504                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          504                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           35                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         1557                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1557                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         1522                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1522                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data         6010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total          6010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data         6045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total         6045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    112464946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112464946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7849996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7849996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     25968241                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     25968241                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     30374974                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     30374974                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3943997                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3943997                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    120314942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    120314942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    120314942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    120314942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data        70220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data        37534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          126                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2477                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data       107754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total       107754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data       107880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total       107880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.078411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013428                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013428                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.277778                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.277778                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.359252                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.359252                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.614453                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.614453                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.055775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.056034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20425.889212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20425.889212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15575.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15575.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16678.382145                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16678.382145                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19957.275953                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19957.275953                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20019.125125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20019.125125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19903.216212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19903.216212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           35                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         1526                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1526                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         1414                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1414                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         6010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         6045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     99947050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99947050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6840002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6840002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       404501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       404501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     22138258                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22138258                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     27936026                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27936026                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3531003                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3531003                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    106787052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106787052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data    107191553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107191553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       104500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       104500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       232500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       232500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.078411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013428                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013428                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.277778                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277778                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.352100                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352100                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.570852                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570852                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.055775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.056034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18152.388304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18152.388304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13571.432540                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13571.432540                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11557.171429                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11557.171429                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14507.377457                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14507.377457                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19756.736917                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19756.736917                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17768.228286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17768.228286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17732.266832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17732.266832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1369                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.host 691723000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -44455219.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       44608838.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -29989632.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       30093264.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -170008550.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       170476300.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -75286609.920000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       75621703.680000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -127353268469.759827
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       128116530339.839905
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -37475126665.919983
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       37698849604.799988
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -410673273744.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       413135313168.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.000692
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       10124599.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       996277.521052
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       1710343.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       273.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       311920.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       570136.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       311854.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       1887590.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       3229819.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       1146675.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       209.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       41344.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       1710343.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       273.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       2060961.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       16.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       2060945.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       4096.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       534543.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       279481.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       871518.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       235.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       44083.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       3726.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       84445
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       121.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       103.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       254.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       818.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       673.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       3.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
