sim_seconds                                  0.000497                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   496998500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3089553463500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               19112400                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 21548408                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               85624887                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   110935088                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125074740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst      1987992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1118244                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      3106236                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst      1987992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      1987992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst       496998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       279561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total       776559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3999995976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data   2249994718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   6249990694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3999995976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3999995976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3999995976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data   2249994718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   6249990694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      8241474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total        8241474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      8241474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total       8241474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                 1024                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts               1024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM           26656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ             6112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys             4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6          121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap             1945780000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2           1024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0              833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.715447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.126434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    56.447933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4      3.25%      3.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95            2      1.63%      4.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      4.07%      8.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      1.63%     10.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      3.25%     13.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17     13.82%     27.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255           34     27.64%     55.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           53     43.09%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::288-319            2      1.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat               4995343                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat         19114693                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat             2665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat               5996.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         22946.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                 53.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               8.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits               710                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          85.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap             1900175.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate             85.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    355909152                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT     98126969                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     97372.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           105840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     97977.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     62294.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0            65688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1            71400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2            66096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3     42024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    235622.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    255590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    195686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    156748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   26956.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   20321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   23224.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 747364282.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 748505960.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 746962035.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 744890063.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 8226833568.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1   8225832096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2   8227186416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3   8229003936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   11524988570.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   11525163338.879999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   11524894028.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   11524543785.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     77.850361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     77.851542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     77.849722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     77.847357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              4120737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       515092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total          515092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks        2575460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             2575460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks        2575460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             6696197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                    609731000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   234.666667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   212.887325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.483026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1      8.33%      8.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      8.33%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     83.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean            48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     1810400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                2895200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    28287.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               45237.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        4.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     4.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     2.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     37.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               50.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  46902384.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   73.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE     453082982                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF       43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT         953139                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                1360800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           1427932.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           1334188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           1342051.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                 918000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                 963288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                 900048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                 905352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          5193177.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               5503680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          5080358.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          5022451.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         2339020.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         2445603.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         2269347.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         2295889.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       754898460.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       755970972.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       755770916.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       756028592.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0         8220224640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1         8219283840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       8219459328.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3         8219233296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         11535299593.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         11535960812.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         11535179682.240002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3          11535193128                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.920011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.924478                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.919201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.919292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data            8                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            8                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        16097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total          16097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        16097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total         16097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs                    2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts                  2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              32                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               32                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                8                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap             1643514500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2              2                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean           32                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean           32                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev          0                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-35            1    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat                 13750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            30700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat                3200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              13750.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         30700.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                  0.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys               0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap           821757250.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate              0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    453638312                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT       397809                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     105235.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     114307.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     101001.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     65923.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0            70992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1            77112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2            68136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3            44472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    236121.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    255590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    195686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    156748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   26956.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   20321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   23224.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 748387710.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1    749223504                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 747511151.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 745411544.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0   8225935824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 8225202672.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2   8226704736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3   8228546496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   11525127920.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   11525265637.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   11524966527.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3    11524613904                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     77.851302                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     77.852233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     77.850212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     77.847830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks        2060368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             2060368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks        2060368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             2060368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           15                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                    666040000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples            4                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean          192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.220905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   107.728053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     25.00%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     25.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total            4                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0                1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                         0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                       0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat                    0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     2.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     33.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                  0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 166510000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE     453844021                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF       43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT         192100                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           1392249.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           1444867.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           1331164.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           1355961.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 939216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                 974712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                 898008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 914736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          5300006.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          5520153.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          5097331.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          5120793.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         2428600.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         2398740.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         2266030.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         2299622.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       755925664.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       757168902.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       754875861.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3          755728344                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0         8219323584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1         8218233024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2         8220244464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       8219496672.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         11535674815.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         11536105895.039999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         11535078354.240002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         11535281624.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.922546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.925458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.918517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.919890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total            256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         515092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              515092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1030184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                 256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           28                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                    618849000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean          256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev          0                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      596400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                 732000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    74550.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               91500.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     37.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 309424500.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   43.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     453960621                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF       43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT          75500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           1567036.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           1371081.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           1567641.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           1504137.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1057128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 924936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                1057536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3           1014696.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          5939481.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          5212147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          5950963.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          5710348.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         2727198.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         2329482.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         2694021.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         2544721.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       757671505.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       756003421.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       757704611.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       757357194.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         8217792144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         8219255376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2         8217763104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3         8218067856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         11537119990.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         11535461939.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         11537103372.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         11536564449.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.932308                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.921108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.932196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.928555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::total         1024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      8241474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::total       8241474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      8241474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total       8241474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                1024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts              1024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten             4032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys          4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            896                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1           14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap             4677257500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2          1024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean          168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   134.275713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.146679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95            2      8.33%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127            2      8.33%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4     16.67%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      4.17%     54.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      8.33%     62.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     37.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean   122.428571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   323.915553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            6     85.71%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::848-863            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18            7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  8.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               8.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               22.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits              102                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate         79.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap             4567634.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate             79.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE    449584204                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT      4451917                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0            45360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     44150.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     47174.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     26611.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0            30600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1            29784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2            31824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3            17952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    64396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   23639.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   26956.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   19906.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 743655798.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 743895362.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 744106034.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 742452287.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0   8230086624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1   8229876480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2   8229691680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3   8231142336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0    11524315344                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   11524366024.320002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   11524396545.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   11524088984.640001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     77.845814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     77.846156                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     77.846362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     77.844284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total            768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              3090553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks        1545276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             1545276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks        1545276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             4635829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                 768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                    630066000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                  24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.400000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.178463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.432316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     10.00%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     10.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     80.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1738208                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                2551808                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    36212.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               53162.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        3.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     3.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     1.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     23.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  70007333.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   86.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE     453408021                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF       43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT         628100                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           1367452.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           1485388.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           1322092.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           1345075.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                 922488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                1002048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 891888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                 907392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               5189184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          5611507.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          5068876.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          5053401.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         2372198.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         2528133.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         2243220.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         2299207.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       755074987.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       757318288.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       755343498.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       755830396.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       8220069792.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1         8218101984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2         8219834256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       8219407152.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         11535361597.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         11536412844.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         11535069327.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         11535208120.320002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.920430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.927531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.918456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.919393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst      1862376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      1005760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1316                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1290                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1266                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1202                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1126                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      2878096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst      1862376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      1862376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        26892                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data          264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data          262                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data          262                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data          262                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data          262                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data          260                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data          240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        28960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst       465594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       254512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total       724062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         8515                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data          128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data          130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data          130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data          120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total         9547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   3747246722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data   2023668079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2575460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2647895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2511074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2595581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      2547291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      2418518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      2478881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      2265600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   5790955103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   3747246722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3747246722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     54108815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       531189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       527165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       527165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       527165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       515092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       527165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       523140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       482899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total     58269794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   3747246722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data   2077776895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3106649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3175060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3038239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3122746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      3062383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      2945683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      3002021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      2748499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   5849224897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1030184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       515092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst       515092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total         1030184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks        2060368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             2060368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks        2060368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             3090553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           17                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                    635871000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.752252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287            4     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total            6                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean             8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     8.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8                1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                      399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                 670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     2.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 105978500.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE     453426574                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF       43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT         609547                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           1435795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           1350518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           1362614.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           1458777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                 968592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1           911064.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2           919224.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3           984096.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               5408832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               5189184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          5155737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          5512665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         2521912.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         2319114.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         2315796.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         2455142.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       756046869.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       754650250.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       755838385.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       756711115.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         8219217264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       8220442368.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2         8219400144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       8218634592.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         11535964759.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         11535227994.240002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         11535357397.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         11536121883.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.924504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.919528                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.920402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.925566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst      1795244                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       799638                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1730                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1836                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1778                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1820                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1766                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1798                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      2609026                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst      1795244                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      1795244                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        91154                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         1032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         1028                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         1030                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         1030                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         1028                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         1036                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         1036                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data          994                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        99368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst       448811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       212437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total       667298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        29564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          385                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          385                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data          385                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data          388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data          387                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data          376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total        32642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3612171868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data   1608934433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3480896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3396389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3694176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3476872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      3577476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      3661983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      3553331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      3617717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   5249565140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3612171868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3612171868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    183409004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      2076465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      2068417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      2072441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      2072441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      2068417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      2084513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data      2084513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data      2000006                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    199936217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3612171868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data   1792343438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      5557361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      5464805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      5766617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      5549313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      5645892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      5746496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      5637844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      5617723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   5449501357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data           16                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           16                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::total         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::total            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      8241474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::total        8241474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data        32193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::total         32193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      8273667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::total       8273667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                 1024                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts               1024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM           26656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ             6112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys             4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            16                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6          121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap             1906401000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2           1024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             4                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0              833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples          123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.715447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   202.769913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    58.635932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3      2.44%      2.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95            4      3.25%      5.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127            4      3.25%      8.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      5.69%     14.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191            3      2.44%     17.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      5.69%     22.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255           36     29.27%     52.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           58     47.15%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::288-319            1      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total          123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat               5973610                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat         20092960                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat             2665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat               7171.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat         24121.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                 53.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               8.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits               710                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          85.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap             1854475.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate             85.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    356601246                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT     97434875                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     98582.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1     106444.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     98582.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3     64108.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0            66504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1            71808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2            66504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3            43248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    235622.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    255590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    195686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    156748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   26956.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   20321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   23224.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 747557827.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 748737973.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 747651507.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 744818106.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 8226663792.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1   8225628576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2   8226581616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3   8229067056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   11525014365.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   11525192844.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   11524979712.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   11524537987.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     77.850535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     77.851741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     77.850301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     77.847317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst      1921900                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       909086                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          518                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          466                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          482                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          580                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      2835056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst      1921900                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      1921900                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        65296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data          750                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data          762                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data          762                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data          750                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data          766                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data          762                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data          750                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data          816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        71414                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst       480475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       236886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total       719396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        21386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data          255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data          254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data          250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data          272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total        23425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3867013683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data   1829152402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1042257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1014088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       937629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       969822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       997991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1030184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1030184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1167006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   5704355245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3867013683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3867013683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    131380678                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      1509059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      1533204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      1533204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      1509059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      1541252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      1533204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data      1509059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data      1641856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    143690575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3867013683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data   1960533080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2551316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2547291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2470832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2478881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      2539243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      2563388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      2539243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      2808862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   5848045819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst      1987992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      1118248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      3106240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst      1987992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      1987992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst       496998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data       279562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::total       776560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3999995976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data   2250002767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::total   6249998742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3999995976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3999995976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3999995976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data   2250002767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::total   6249998742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst      1030184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1030184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              2575460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      1030184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         1030184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks        2060368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             2060368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks        2060368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst      1030184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1030184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             4635829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                    660965000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.093035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1626408                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                2304408                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    40660.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               57610.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        2.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     2.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     2.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     37.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  73440555.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE     453220188                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF       43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT         815933                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           1408579.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           1323907.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           1325116.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           1352332.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 950232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                 893112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                 893928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                 912288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          5347430.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               5131776                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2               5011968                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          5053401.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         2451824.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         2312478.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         2226631.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         2332385.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       756061479.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       754508525.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       755913571.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       755836251.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       8219204448.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       8220566688.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       8219334192.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3         8219402016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         11535789488.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         11535101982.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         11535070902.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         11535254170.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.923320                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.918676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.918466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.919704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         4076                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         4076                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         1019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total         1019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      8201232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total       8201232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      8201232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total       8201232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                1019                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts              1019                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten             4032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys          4076                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            890                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1           21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6           24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap             4568264500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2          1019                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   175.304348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   136.100569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.902216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     17.39%     17.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95            3     13.04%     30.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      4.35%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191            2      8.70%     43.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      4.35%     47.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     52.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean   122.571429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   324.293518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            6     85.71%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::848-863            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18            7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  8.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               8.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               22.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits              103                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate         79.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap             4483085.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             79.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE    450651172                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT      3384949                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     43545.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1     47174.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     46569.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     26611.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0            29376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1            31824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2            31416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3            17952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3           64896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   27371.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   20321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   23224.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 743631065.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 743902640.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 743876156.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 742377594.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0   8230108320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1   8229870096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 8229893328.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3   8231207856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   11524312171.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   11524372396.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   11524361081.280003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   11524083628.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     77.845792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     77.846199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     77.846122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     77.844248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                 7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1030184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              4635829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       515092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total          515092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks        3605645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             3605645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks        3605645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1030184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             8241474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                    662801000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                  56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           22                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.454545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   184.018769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.320582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      9.09%      9.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      4.55%     13.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      9.09%     22.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      4.55%     27.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      9.09%     36.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           14     63.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           22                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    29.073929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32               2     66.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     1797104                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                3017504                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    24959.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               41909.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        4.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        4.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     4.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     3.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     31.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                     59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate              105.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  41425062.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   95.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE     451252678                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF       43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        2783443                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           1382572.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1444867.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           1240444.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           1459382.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                 932688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                 974712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 836808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3           984504.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          5148249.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          5457254.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          4760870.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          5475724.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         2491637.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         2481684.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         2113827.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         2501591.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       755585743.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       756559486.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       754426336.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       756994947.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0         8219621760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1         8218767600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2         8220638784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3         8218385616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         11535528146.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         11536051099.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         11534382566.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         11536167261.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.921555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.925088                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.913817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.925872                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         4088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         4088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         4100                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         4100                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         1022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total         1022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         1025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::total         1025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      8225377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total        8225377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      8249522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::total       8249522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     16474899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      16474899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                 1022                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                1025                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts               1022                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts              1025                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM           26656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ             6048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten             4032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys             4088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys          4100                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            896                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap             5059974000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2           1022                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2          1025                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0              833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples          148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.351351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.181403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.441571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            8      5.41%      5.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95            6      4.05%      9.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      5.41%     14.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      2.03%     16.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      4.05%     20.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      7.43%     28.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255           41     27.70%     56.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           65     43.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total          148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean   122.428571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   323.915553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            6     85.71%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::848-863            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat               5379859                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat         19499209                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat             2665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat               6458.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         23408.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                 53.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  8.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               8.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               8.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               24.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits               709                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits              102                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          85.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate         79.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap             2471897.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate             84.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    352443537                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    101592584                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0     71971.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1            63504                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     65923.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     35078.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0            48552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1            42840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2            44472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3            23664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    255590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    223641.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    236121.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    128294.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   23639.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   26956.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   19906.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 746127118.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 745661943.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 745666649.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 743169502.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0   8227918800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 8228326848.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2   8228322720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3   8230513200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   11524814068.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   11524707911.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   11524728337.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   11524255140.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     77.849182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     77.848465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     77.848603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     77.845407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst      1987668                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1117536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data            8                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data            8                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      3105226                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst      1987668                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      1987668                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          218                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data            4                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total          227                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst       496917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       279412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total       776338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data           69                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total           74                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3999344062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data   2248570167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        16097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        12072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        16097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   6247958495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3999344062                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3999344062                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       438633                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data         8048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data         4024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data         4024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data         2012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total       456742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3999344062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data   2249008800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        24145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        16097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        20121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   6248415237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               21.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE    454036121                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0            30240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     32054.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2            30240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3     16329.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0            20400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1            21624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2            20400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3     11016.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3    64396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   13685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 742726543.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 742944274.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 742896285.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 741701255.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0   8230901760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 8230710768.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2   8230752864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3   8231801136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   11524163463.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   11524215696.960001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   11524206350.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3    11523966264                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     77.844788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     77.845140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     77.845077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     77.843456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst      1030184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       515092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              2060368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      1030184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         1030184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        2575460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             2575460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        2575460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst      1030184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       515092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             4635829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   1792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                    607876000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.615385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.129882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.782384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     15.38%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     15.38%     30.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     69.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           13                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32               2    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    27.712813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32               1     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                      798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        2.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     2.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     2.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     37.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     47                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate              117.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  67541777.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                  104.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     452486162                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF       43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        1549959                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           1410393.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           1348099.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                1430352                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3                1469664                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 951456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 909432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                 964920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                 991440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          5427801.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               5206656                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2               5383872                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          5489702.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         2471731.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         2295889.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         2435650.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         2475048.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       755353347.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       754896873.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       756774152.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       757319711.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         8219825616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       8220226032.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2         8218579296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3         8218100736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         11535805841.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         11535248477.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         11535933738.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         11536211797.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.923431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.919666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.924295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.926173                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst      1858816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      1005294                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1198                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1278                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1226                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1262                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1170                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      2873912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst      1858816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      1858816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data        26414                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data          266                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data          260                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data          258                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data          262                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data          262                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data          266                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data          258                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        28502                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst       464704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       254319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total       722900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         8358                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data          130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data          130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data          132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data          129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::total         9397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   3740083723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data   2022730451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2410470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2430591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2571436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2511074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      2466808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      2438639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      2539243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      2354132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   5782536567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   3740083723                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3740083723                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     53147042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       535213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       515092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       523140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       519116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       527165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       527165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       535213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       519116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::total     57348262                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   3740083723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data   2075877493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2945683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2945683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3094577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3030190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      2993973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      2965804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      3074456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      2873248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   5839884829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst      1942992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1019756                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          498                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          522                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          516                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      2967124                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst      1942992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      1942992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        32460                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data          762                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data          774                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data          772                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data          780                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        38620                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst       485748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       259499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total       747435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        10651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          258                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data          257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data          260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total        12704                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3909452443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data   2051829130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1158957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1126764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1002015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1050305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1110667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1110667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1038233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1207247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   5970086429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3909452443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3909452443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     65312068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      1545276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      1545276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      1533204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      1557349                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      1545276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      1545276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data      1553325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data      1569421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total     77706472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3909452443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data   2117141199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2704234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2672040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2535219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2607654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      2655944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      2655944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      2591557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      2776668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   6047792901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen               22.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE    454036121                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     43738200                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0            30240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1     32054.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2     31449.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3     16329.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0            20400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1            21624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2            21216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3     11016.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0    108326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3    64396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1   13685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 2550365495.040000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 742723588.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 742977434.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 742834998.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 741668641.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 8230904352.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1   8230681680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2   8230806624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3   8231829744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   11524163599.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   11524219769.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   11524200849.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   11523962258.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     77.844788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     77.845168                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     77.845040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     77.843428                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              88                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                32                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        55429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        55437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  55437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        84439                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        84455                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   84455                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      9065000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     18331500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      9248000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      4624000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       544500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       119998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       134499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        44000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        16000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       363000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          814                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         1088                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          266                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          411                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        26000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        15500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          1080                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                         1499                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                     27361                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                         1080                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                  1000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                    27361                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                        1499                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                41500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime                1000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime              41500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                              428                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               584                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     584    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 584                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy                3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                   4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy            18909500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded               27517                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           23362500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded              27488                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              18128                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             18128                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq              9246                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp             9246                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               33                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              79                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             9                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             88                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         4840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         1800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         1690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total        13750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         4866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         1734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total        13748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         3742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total        13753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         4808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total        13750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                 55001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         3094                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         3418                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         6110                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total        21326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         3052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         3120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         5766                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total        21474                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         3240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         4604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         3078                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         3040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total        20390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            9                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2642                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         5878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2634                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total        21249                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                  84439                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     19558200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     43372561                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     19089400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     12737000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       310200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       110600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       123112                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        30400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       216524                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          816                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          217                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       261300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        84000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                         1034                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                    27361                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                        1033                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime               345300                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                   27361                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             345700                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy              50000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 30                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy              58200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 13                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy              64200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              51600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 14                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy              82600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              64800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 18                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy              52000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy              58600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy              19700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded                 14                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy            6400600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded               4988                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy           6323800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded              4916                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          12875100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              9128                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy           6603300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              4241                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy           6406900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              4074                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy          14145630                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded              6871                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy          13757477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded              6869                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy          14235873                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded              6874                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy          14310217                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded              6870                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        18128                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        18128                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq         9246                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp         9246                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           33                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           79                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           88                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        13750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        13748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        13753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        13750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        55001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        21326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        21474                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        20390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        21249                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        84439                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     14502400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     16355500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      8321400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7396800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       132000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        63200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        70400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        17600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        88000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          262                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp           97                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       113700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        41600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp          300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                   360                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess              27361                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess             27361                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                  359                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime        155300                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       155600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy      5756200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded         6879                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy      5801600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded         6879                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy      5740700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded         6879                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy      5745300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded         6880                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy     23910700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded        27484                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              22927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             22927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback              419                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             264                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 64556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        95744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        37570                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        36524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        35538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        75264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        78080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40142                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        38862                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        82176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       193536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        88503                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1122915                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     11484955                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    136175848                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      9248000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      4626490                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     13618996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       134494                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       136999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        60996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         5500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        65999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      2470000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         1502                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          173                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          226                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           32                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           30                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           40                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           23                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     16963996                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      2637490                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       979499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       737999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       647000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1026500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         3000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       439499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        27000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                         1874                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         175                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                    27361                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                         899                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime              2972498                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                   27361                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           20797493                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           2664490                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            1571                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             5908                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                  5908    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               5908                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           34701943                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded              33273                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          12160485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               374                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          11079480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded              3750                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           9854477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               303                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           9729481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded              3687                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy          9851988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              303                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy         10566982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded             3738                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy          9559986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              294                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy          9161977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded             3643                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy          9918983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              305                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy         10431474                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded             3725                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy             8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy          9852488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              303                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy         10297462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded             3718                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy             8499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         10435490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              321                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy         10971971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded             3734                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               28                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         24573493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              756                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         12507979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded             3805                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy            38000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded               38                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access                496917                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access                279483                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 2                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles                  993996                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts             496917                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps               496917                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       372743                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        93122                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts              372743                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads       652323                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes       279552                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      2282466                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       279539                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs               279483                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts             279414                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts                69                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles            993996                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                   108665                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           217434     43.76%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead          279414     56.23%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite             69      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total            496917                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            2                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            2    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            2                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 16096.628058      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes                 8                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            2                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean        21500                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 13162.446581                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 24041.630560                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::4096-6143            1     50.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::20480-22527            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::36864-38911            1     50.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            2                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            2                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean      821757250                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  1162004483.426430                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            1     50.00%     50.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            1     50.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        96000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value   1643418500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total             2                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             2                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean        821757250                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    1162004483.426430                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            1     50.00%     50.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            1     50.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        96000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   1643418500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total               2                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0             49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       776340                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       776340                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq           74                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp           74                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       558962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total       558966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       993834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total       993834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total       1552828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port      1117754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total      1117762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port      1987668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total      1987668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port           31                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total           31                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total        3105461                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    388170000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    795008600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        74000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        50600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        93415                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       682994                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        42500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    245313800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq                93420                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp              682998                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess               14                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail                   7                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime         3500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess              14                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail                  3                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime          600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime        44500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    245314600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    388243000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         78.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       776412                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    298113100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         60.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       279483                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    496933000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization        100.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       496917                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy        13100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded           14                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                465594                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                264051                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1024                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                  993995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts             465594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps               465594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       363759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        76857                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts              363759                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads       644706                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes       278386                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      2129190                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       257330                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs               264051                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts             255536                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts              8515                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles            993995                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                    90435                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           201543     43.29%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead          255536     54.88%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite           8515      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total            465594                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 8057142.857143                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 13634515.026212                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           36     73.47%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            1      2.04%     77.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            5     10.20%     87.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            6     12.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 8241473.565816      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes              4096                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 25670.898438                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 19869.069004                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 19594.274025                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          191     18.65%     18.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%     18.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575          710     69.34%     87.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     87.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959           35      3.42%     91.41% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151           18      1.76%     93.16% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343           17      1.66%     94.82% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            3      0.29%     95.12% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727           20      1.95%     97.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            1      0.10%     97.17% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            3      0.29%     97.46% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            3      0.29%     97.75% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            3      0.29%     98.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.10%     98.14% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            7      0.68%     98.83% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           10      0.98%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            2      0.20%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples         1024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   6919760.253906                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  217308620.996883                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           66      6.45%      6.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            1      0.10%      6.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      6.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      6.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          385     37.60%     44.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           15      1.46%     45.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows          557     54.39%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        72500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value   6954004500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total          1024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     1900175.781250                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    56681938.946730                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           66      6.45%      6.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            1      0.10%      6.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%      6.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%      6.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          385     37.60%     44.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           15      1.46%     45.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          557     54.39%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        72500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   1813950000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.040816                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.199915                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           47     95.92%     95.92% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            2      4.08%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean    20.142857                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    34.082620                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-7            36     73.47%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8-15            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-23            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-55            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::56-63            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-71            1      2.04%     77.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::72-79            7     14.29%     91.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-87            4      8.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0             49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       725086                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       725086                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq         9547                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9547                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       526054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total       528102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       931188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total       931188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port         9976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total         9976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total       1469266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port      1032652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total      1036748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port      1862376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total      1862376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port        12028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total        12028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total        2911152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    362543000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    747895800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      9547000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      6248500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       122129                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       609372                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1529                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1997                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      6649500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    222046000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       237500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       399400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq               123658                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp              611369                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             4988                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                1584                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       658000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            4988                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                 74                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        15800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime      6887000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    222445400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy       512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1024                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    371578000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         74.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       733609                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    280936900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         56.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       264051                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    467915800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         94.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       465594                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      5291600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         4988                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                464703                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                263705                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1028                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                  993996                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts             464703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps               464703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       363037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        76755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts              363037                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads       643434                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes       277919                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      2125890                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       256670                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs               263705                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts             255343                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts              8362                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles            993996                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                    90250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           200998     43.25%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead          255343     54.95%     98.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite           8362      1.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total            464703                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            4    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 8359183.673469                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 13734444.509568                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            8     16.33%     91.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            4      8.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 8241473.565816      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes              4096                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 32193.256116      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes             16                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 26624.511719                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 20141.423584                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 21920.430058                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          191     18.65%     18.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%     18.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575          710     69.34%     87.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     87.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959           26      2.54%     90.53% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151           15      1.46%     91.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343           11      1.07%     93.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            2      0.20%     93.26% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727           29      2.83%     96.09% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            1      0.10%     96.19% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            4      0.39%     96.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            1      0.10%     96.68% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            1      0.10%     96.78% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            5      0.49%     97.27% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879           14      1.37%     98.63% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           12      1.17%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            2      0.20%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            4                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607            4    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            4                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples         1024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   6561882.812500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  205905531.013811                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          116     11.33%     11.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            1      0.10%     11.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%     11.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%     11.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          474     46.29%     57.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           17      1.66%     59.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows          416     40.62%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        72500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value   6589104000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total          1024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            4                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean    410855625                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 821542583.339960                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            2     50.00%     50.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            1     25.00%     75.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     75.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     75.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1     25.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        82000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value   1643169500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            4                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1028                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     1854475.680934                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    51407688.447053                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          116     11.28%     11.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            1      0.10%     11.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            2      0.19%     11.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            1      0.10%     11.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          474     46.11%     57.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           17      1.65%     59.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          417     40.56%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        72500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   1643169500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1028                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.061224                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.242226                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           46     93.88%     93.88% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            3      6.12%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean    20.897959                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    34.336718                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0-7            35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8-15            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16-23            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::48-55            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::56-63            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::64-71            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::72-79            9     18.37%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::80-87            3      6.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0             49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       723924                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       723923                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq         9401                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9401                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave         2056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       525354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total       527410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       929407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total       929407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port         9832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total         9832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total       1466649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave         4112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port      1031708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total      1035820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port      1858812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total      1858812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port        11890                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total        11890                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total        2906522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    361962000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    746605600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      9401000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      6142900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       121297                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       608880                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1536                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1993                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      6519000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    221688400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       219000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       398600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq               122833                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp              610873                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             4916                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                1552                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       623000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            4916                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                102                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        21900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime      6738000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    222087000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy       516000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1028                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    370847000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         74.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       732297                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    280557600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         56.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       263705                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    466991200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         94.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       464703                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      5199700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         4916                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                448811                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                244048                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              2047                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                  993997                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts             448811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps               448811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       372145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        56076                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts              372145                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads       668103                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes       285479                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      1974429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       255242                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs               244048                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts             213459                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts             30589                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles            993997                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                    72539                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           204763     45.62%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead          213459     47.56%     93.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          30589      6.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total            448811                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         1022                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4         1022    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total         1022                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1025                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1025    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1025                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 8342857.142857                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 13735598.518691                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            5     10.20%     85.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            7     14.29%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 8225376.937757      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes              4088                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 8081632.653061                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 13654298.368850                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           36     73.47%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            1      2.04%     77.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            4      8.16%     85.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            7     14.29%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 8249521.879845      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           4100                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples         1022                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 26088.062622                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 20008.369809                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20955.109764                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          189     18.49%     18.49% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%     18.49% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575          709     69.37%     87.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     87.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959           37      3.62%     91.49% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151           18      1.76%     93.25% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343           16      1.57%     94.81% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     94.81% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727           19      1.86%     96.67% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            3      0.29%     96.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     96.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            0      0.00%     96.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            3      0.29%     97.26% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.10%     97.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879           11      1.08%     98.43% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           11      1.08%     99.51% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            5      0.49%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total         1022                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1025                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1025    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1025                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples         1022                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   4951050.880626                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  154001278.224600                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           47      4.60%      4.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            4      0.39%      4.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      4.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      4.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          408     39.92%     44.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           24      2.35%     47.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows          539     52.74%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        72500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value   4923359000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total          1022                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1025                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 6913404.390244                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 217205450.812281                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          226     22.05%     22.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          167     16.29%     38.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     38.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     38.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          210     20.49%     58.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     58.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     58.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            3      0.29%     59.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          419     40.88%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        64000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value   6954096000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1025                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          2047                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     2471897.410845                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    103039466.774983                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000          226     11.04%     11.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          167      8.16%     19.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           47      2.30%     21.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            4      0.20%     21.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          210     10.26%     31.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%     31.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          408     19.93%     51.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           27      1.32%     53.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          958     46.80%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        64000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   4660253000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total            2047                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.061224                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.242226                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           46     93.88%     93.88% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            3      6.12%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean    20.857143                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    34.340816                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-7            35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8-15            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-23            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-55            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::56-63            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-71            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::72-79            9     18.37%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::80-87            3      6.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    20.204082                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    34.135746                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0-7           36     73.47%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8-15            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16-23            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::48-55            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::56-63            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::64-71            1      2.04%     77.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::72-79            8     16.33%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::80-87            3      6.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       668320                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       668320                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        33667                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        33667                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave         4094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       484002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total       488096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       897622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total       897622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total       1403974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave         8188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       890792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total       898980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port      1795244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total      1795244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port        22358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total        22358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total        2716582                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    334160000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    701895000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     33667000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     22636500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       198720                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       498373                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         3095                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         3010                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     19993500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    200638100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       780000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       603500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq               201815                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp              501383                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             9128                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                3480                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime      1418000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            9128                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                167                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        35900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime     20773500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    201241600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy      1536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         2047                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    366291000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         73.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       699940                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    259452900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         52.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       244048                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    456030400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         91.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       448811                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      9048200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         9128                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                485748                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                271174                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1024                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                  993996                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts             485748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps               485748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       379488                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        79327                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts              379488                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads       670998                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes       288486                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      2201397                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       272547                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs               271174                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts             259499                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts             11675                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles            993996                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                    94812                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           214574     44.17%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead          259499     53.42%     97.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          11675      2.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total            485748                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 8359183.673469                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 13773221.578595                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            7     14.29%     89.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            5     10.20%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 8241473.565816      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           4096                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1024                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 6562746.093750                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 205942376.495239                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          330     32.23%     32.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          212     20.70%     52.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     52.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     52.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          105     10.25%     63.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     63.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     63.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            2      0.20%     63.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          375     36.62%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        64000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value   6590282500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1024                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     4567634.277344                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    142098806.727837                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000          330     32.23%     32.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          212     20.70%     52.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     52.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     52.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          105     10.25%     63.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%     63.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     63.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            2      0.20%     63.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          375     36.62%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        64000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   4547288000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    20.897959                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    34.433054                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0-7           35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8-15            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16-23            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::48-55            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::56-63            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::64-71            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::72-79            9     18.37%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::80-87            3      6.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       747435                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       747435                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        13728                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        13728                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       540300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total       542348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       971496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total       971496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port         8482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total         8482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total       1522326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      1052216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total      1056312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      1942992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total      1942992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port        10536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total        10536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total        3009840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    373717500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    772290400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     13728000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      9114400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       136475                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       622740                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1558                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1009                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      8144000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    231048300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       527500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       201800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq               138033                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp              623749                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             4241                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                1789                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       731000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            4241                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                 26                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime         5200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime      8671500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    231250100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy      1024000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1024                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    386421500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         77.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       760139                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    288939700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         58.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       271174                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    488580000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         98.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       485748                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      3885100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         4241                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                480475                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                259291                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1019                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                  993997                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts             480475                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps               480475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       381327                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        72249                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts              381327                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads       676084                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes       286673                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      2127279                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       277794                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs               259292                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts             236887                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts             22405                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles            993997                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                    90880                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           221183     46.03%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead          236887     49.30%     95.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          22405      4.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total            480475                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1019                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1019    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1019                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 8318367.346939                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 13724182.936660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           34     69.39%     69.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            1      2.04%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            7     14.29%     89.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            5     10.20%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 8201231.995670      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           4076                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1019                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1019    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1019                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1019                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 4965921.982336                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 154239493.463767                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          218     21.39%     21.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          184     18.06%     39.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     39.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     39.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          140     13.74%     53.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     53.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     53.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           10      0.98%     54.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          467     45.83%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        64000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value   4923732000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1019                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1019                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     4483085.868499                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    138826509.771327                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000          218     21.39%     21.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          184     18.06%     39.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     39.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     39.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          140     13.74%     53.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%     53.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     53.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           10      0.98%     54.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          467     45.83%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        64000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   4431722000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1019                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    20.795918                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    34.310457                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0-7           35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8-15            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16-23            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::48-55            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::56-63            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::64-71            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::72-79            8     16.33%     91.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::80-87            4      8.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       719396                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       719396                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        24444                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        24444                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave         2038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       516545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total       518583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       960949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total       960949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port         8148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total         8148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total       1487680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave         4076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       974386                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total       978462                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port      1921896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total      1921896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port        10188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total        10188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total        2910546                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    359698000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    748943600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     24444000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     16616200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       170697                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       571240                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1517                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1006                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     13394000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    224078000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       496500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       201700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq               172214                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp              572246                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             4074                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                1716                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       680500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            4074                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                 44                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime         9800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime     13890500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    224279700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy      1019000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1019                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    383123000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         77.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       742821                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    276439900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         55.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       259292                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    485432400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         97.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       480474                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      3687500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         4074                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                496998                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                279561                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                  993996                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts             496998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps               496998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       372748                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        93186                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts              372748                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads       652309                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes       279561                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      2283081                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       279561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs               279561                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts             279561                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles            993996                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                   108718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           217437     43.75%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead          279561     56.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total            496998                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0             49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       776559                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       776559                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       559122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total       559122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       993996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total       993996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total       1553118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      1118244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total      1118244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      1987992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total      1987992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total        3106236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    388279500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    795196400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        93187                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       683372                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    245392900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq                93187                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp              683372                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    245392900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    388279500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         78.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       776559                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    298198400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         60.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       279561                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    496998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization        100.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       496998                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                496998                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                279562                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                  993996                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts             496998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps               496998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       372749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        93187                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts              372749                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads       652312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes       279562                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      2283087                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       279561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs               279562                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts             279562                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles            993996                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.Branches                   108718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           217436     43.75%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead          279562     56.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total            496998                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0             49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       776560                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       776560                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       559124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total       559124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       993996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total       993996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count::total       1553120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port      1118248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total      1118248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port      1987992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total      1987992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size::total        3106240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    388280000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    795197400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        93187                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       683374                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    245392600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                93187                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp              683374                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    245392600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    388280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         78.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       776560                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    298199400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         60.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       279562                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    496998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization        100.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       496998                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                        62                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7952.618184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        1103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                        62                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     17.790323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3525.308123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   858.347666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   586.929699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   238.625646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   227.371726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   568.626972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   745.340162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           29                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    36.872317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst           68                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    19.160452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.itb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           47                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    66.114116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst    32.863382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    42.247299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   499.927910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   343.882715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.430335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.104779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.071647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.029129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.027755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.069412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.090984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.003540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.004501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.008301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.005737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.008071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.004012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.005157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.061026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.041978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.970779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          680                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6944                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002075                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970093                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     34910                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    34910                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           64                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           63                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           66                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           86                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    3710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data            77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data            68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data            68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data            92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data            71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data            90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data           77                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data           68                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data           68                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data           71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data           90                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          755                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3760                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 75                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       203500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         1695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       130000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       717000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       372000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       373000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       440500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       372000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       373000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       401000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       249000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       559500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3140000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       440500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       497500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       497500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          4835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       440500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       497500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       497500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         4835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           73                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           64                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           63                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           85                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           67                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           88                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                3723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data           80                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 3799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data           80                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data           75                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data           78                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data           94                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                3799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.023102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.006289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.636364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.794118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.714286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.642857                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.272727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.342105                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.023102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.042254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.031579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.051282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.023102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.042254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.031579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.051282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124285.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       203500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130384.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        26100                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 18571.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9285.714286                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9285.714286                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  5416.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  7277.777778                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9560                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124333.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 146833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 124333.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 133666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       124500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        93250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120769.230769                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124285.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 146833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       131250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       124375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       109000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123974.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124285.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 146833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       131250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       124375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       109000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123974.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   33                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        33                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            75                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             26                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       325500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       272000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       379000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       379998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       216500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       379000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       650500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1469498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4071996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       162500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       487500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       339000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       340000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       407500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       339000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       340000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       368000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       227000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       493500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2854000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       407500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       453500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       481000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       453500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       407500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       453500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       481000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       453500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     68150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     67875500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     68482499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     67736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     68361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     68212500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     67950500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     67775500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    544543499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     34749500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     34742500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     34674000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     34660500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     34676000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     34834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     34732000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     34834500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    277903000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    102899500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    102618000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    103156499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    102396500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    103037000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    103046500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data    102682500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data    102610000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    822446499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.023102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.006289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.794118                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642857                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.023102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.042254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.031579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.051282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.023102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.042254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.031579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.051282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.001323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 113285.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       192500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119384.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54142.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54285.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54125                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54142.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54208.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54425.851852                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54293.280000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113333.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 135833.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 113333.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 122666.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       113500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        82250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109769.230769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 113285.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 135833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       120250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       113375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        98000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112974.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 113285.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 135833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       120250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       113375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        98000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112974.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       1080                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4578                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.900830                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.320610                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     11.262892                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4569     99.80%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            9      0.20%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total          4578                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2282                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.525855                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.535453                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    15.007159                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2274     99.65%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.65% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            8      0.35%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2282                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples            49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     26816326.530612                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    13380510.499398                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            5     10.20%     10.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     10.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     10.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     10.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            2      4.08%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            5     10.20%     24.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           21     42.86%     67.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07           11     22.45%     89.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            2      4.08%     93.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total              49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        26720402.576668      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                     13280                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    15714285.714286                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11286939.354847                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            5     10.20%     10.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            2      4.08%     14.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            9     18.37%     32.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           15     30.61%     63.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            9     18.37%     81.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            4      8.16%     89.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            4      8.16%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total             49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       16189183.669568      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                   8046                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples            4578                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11758.606378                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11623.955175                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev       4224.019820                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383            4569     99.80%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            8      0.17%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total              4578                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples           2274                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11607.871592                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11604.175160                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       297.096300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2177     95.73%     95.73% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           96      4.22%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.04%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total             2274                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                4578                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           140406.072521                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          2642960.274976                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    1      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000               10      0.22%      0.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000              29      0.63%      0.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000              43      0.94%      1.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000              99      2.16%      3.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000             143      3.12%      7.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000             174      3.80%     10.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000             191      4.17%     15.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000             217      4.74%     19.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000             218      4.76%     24.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000             245      5.35%     29.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000             229      5.00%     34.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000             245      5.35%     40.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000             252      5.50%     45.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000             189      4.13%     49.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000             200      4.37%     54.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000             151      3.30%     57.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000             111      2.42%     60.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000              76      1.66%     61.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000            104      2.27%     63.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows              1651     36.06%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              3000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         176424000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                  4578                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2282                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         269542.944785                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3572674.812180                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  1      0.04%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              2      0.09%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             6      0.26%      0.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            12      0.53%      0.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            32      1.40%      2.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            35      1.53%      3.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            30      1.31%      5.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            36      1.58%      6.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            41      1.80%      8.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            35      1.53%     10.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            49      2.15%     12.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            41      1.80%     14.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            34      1.49%     15.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            49      2.15%     17.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            46      2.02%     19.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            33      1.45%     21.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            27      1.18%     22.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            38      1.67%     23.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           194      8.50%     32.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           91      3.99%     36.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1450     63.54%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value            5000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       169556000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2282                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                  6860                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             92729.883382                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            2068268.431862                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      4      0.06%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 29      0.42%      0.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                89      1.30%      1.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000               122      1.78%      3.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000               237      3.45%      7.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000               308      4.49%     11.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000               384      5.60%     17.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000               409      5.96%     23.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000               470      6.85%     29.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000               552      8.05%     37.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000               602      8.78%     46.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000               531      7.74%     54.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000               557      8.12%     62.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000               548      7.99%     70.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000               430      6.27%     76.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000               455      6.63%     83.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000               457      6.66%     90.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000               231      3.37%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000               203      2.96%     96.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000               86      1.25%     97.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                 156      2.27%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           169556000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                    6860                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.102041                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.305839                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0               44     89.80%     89.80% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1                5     10.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples                49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            92.224490                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           48.234784                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                     9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                    1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                   2      4.08%     24.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                   2      4.08%     28.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103                  2      4.08%     32.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111                11     22.45%     55.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 6     12.24%     67.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 5     10.20%     77.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 8     16.33%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 2      4.08%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                  49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples               49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean           45.897959                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev          26.478171                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-7                   10     20.41%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-15                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-23                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-31                  2      4.08%     24.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-39                  2      4.08%     28.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::40-47                  8     16.33%     44.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::48-55                  7     14.29%     59.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::56-63                  5     10.20%     69.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::64-71                 10     20.41%     89.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::72-79                  2      4.08%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::80-87                  3      6.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::88-95                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::96-103                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::104-111                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total                 49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4182                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.819225                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.311376                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     10.398670                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4175     99.83%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            7      0.17%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total          4182                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2674                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.621541                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.570421                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    15.494360                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2664     99.63%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           10      0.37%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2674                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples            49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     23787755.102041                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    15043459.717502                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            7     14.29%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07           16     32.65%     46.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           24     48.98%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total              49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        23722405.600822      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                     11790                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean        19600000                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   13491972.922198                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            5     10.20%     10.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     10.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            5     10.20%     20.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           10     20.41%     40.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            9     18.37%     59.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            6     12.24%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           11     22.45%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total             49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       19484968.264492      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                   9684                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples            4182                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11721.664275                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11619.685633                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       3410.926813                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         4175     99.83%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            7      0.17%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total              4182                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples           2664                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11597.635135                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11593.978551                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       295.704065                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2549     95.68%     95.68% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          113      4.24%     99.92% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            2      0.08%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total             2664                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                4182                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           144047.345768                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          2645436.551472                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    1      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000              22      0.53%      0.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000              52      1.24%      1.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000              63      1.51%      3.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000             138      3.30%      6.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000             110      2.63%      9.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000             150      3.59%     12.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000             200      4.78%     17.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000             163      3.90%     21.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000             201      4.81%     26.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000             175      4.18%     30.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000             177      4.23%     34.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000             221      5.28%     40.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000             214      5.12%     45.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000             149      3.56%     48.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000             121      2.89%     51.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000             112      2.68%     54.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000              86      2.06%     56.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000             91      2.18%     58.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows              1736     41.51%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              5000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         169752000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                  4182                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2674                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         235172.400898                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3510249.246153                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              4      0.15%      0.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             9      0.34%      0.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            15      0.56%      1.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            24      0.90%      1.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            29      1.08%      3.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            43      1.61%      4.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            48      1.80%      6.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            66      2.47%      8.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            80      2.99%     11.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            66      2.47%     14.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            78      2.92%     17.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            71      2.66%     19.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            80      2.99%     22.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            63      2.36%     25.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            53      1.98%     27.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            61      2.28%     29.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            66      2.47%     32.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           199      7.44%     39.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           94      3.52%     42.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1525     57.03%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value            7000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       180245000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2674                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                  6856                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             90151.108518                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            2057716.078893                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      2      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 10      0.15%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                68      0.99%      1.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000               132      1.93%      3.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000               188      2.74%      5.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000               304      4.43%     10.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000               349      5.09%     15.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000               454      6.62%     21.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000               528      7.70%     29.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000               525      7.66%     37.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000               589      8.59%     45.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000               544      7.93%     53.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000               596      8.69%     62.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000               614      8.96%     71.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000               510      7.44%     78.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000               442      6.45%     85.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000               441      6.43%     91.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000               197      2.87%     94.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000               159      2.32%     97.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000               86      1.25%     98.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                 118      1.72%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                3000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           169470000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                    6856                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.102041                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.305839                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0               44     89.80%     89.80% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1                5     10.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples                49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            84.122449                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           45.565261                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                   1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                   4      8.16%     30.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                   5     10.20%     40.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                   2      4.08%     44.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103                  3      6.12%     51.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111                 7     14.29%     65.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 6     12.24%     77.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 8     16.33%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 2      4.08%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                  49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples               49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean           53.959184                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev          32.065012                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-7                   10     20.41%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-15                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-23                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-31                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-39                  2      4.08%     24.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::40-47                  4      8.16%     32.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::48-55                  7     14.29%     46.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::56-63                  6     12.24%     59.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::64-71                  6     12.24%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::72-79                  3      6.12%     77.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::80-87                  2      4.08%     81.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::88-95                  5     10.20%     91.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::96-103                 3      6.12%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::104-111                1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total                 49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4663                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.768604                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.223283                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     11.158594                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4654     99.81%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            9      0.19%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total          4663                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2189                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.417085                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.602008                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    13.279725                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2183     99.73%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            6      0.27%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2189                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples            49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     26069387.755102                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    17874541.999746                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            7     14.29%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07           15     30.61%     44.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           23     46.94%     91.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            2      4.08%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total              49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        25975933.528974      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                     12910                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    15085714.285714                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   14451412.849038                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           13     26.53%     26.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07           16     32.65%     59.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07           15     30.61%     89.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            3      6.12%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total             49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       15050347.234448      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                   7480                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples            4663                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11739.009222                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11621.809201                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev       3661.122936                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         4654     99.81%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            9      0.19%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total              4663                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples           2184                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11597.802198                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11594.370093                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       286.023050                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2107     96.47%     96.47% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           76      3.48%     99.95% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.05%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total             2184                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                4663                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           129092.215312                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          2490996.853895                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    1      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                6      0.13%      0.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000              39      0.84%      0.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000              52      1.12%      2.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000              92      1.97%      4.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000             137      2.94%      7.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000             173      3.71%     10.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000             180      3.86%     14.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000             230      4.93%     19.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000             245      5.25%     24.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000             295      6.33%     31.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000             321      6.88%     37.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000             254      5.45%     43.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000             278      5.96%     49.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000             206      4.42%     53.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000             175      3.75%     57.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000             148      3.17%     60.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000             155      3.32%     64.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000             108      2.32%     66.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000             99      2.12%     68.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows              1469     31.50%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              4000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         169116000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                  4663                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2189                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         196898.583828                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        479781.162736                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             1      0.05%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             3      0.14%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            16      0.73%      0.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            20      0.91%      1.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            34      1.55%      3.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            62      2.83%      6.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            55      2.51%      8.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            72      3.29%     12.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            47      2.15%     14.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            71      3.24%     17.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            76      3.47%     20.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            66      3.02%     23.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            40      1.83%     25.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            46      2.10%     27.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            28      1.28%     29.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            14      0.64%     29.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           143      6.53%     36.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           42      1.92%     38.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1353     61.81%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           15000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        16412000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2189                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                  6852                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             63258.464682                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            176467.563430                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 11      0.16%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                51      0.74%      0.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                84      1.23%      2.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000               182      2.66%      4.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000               265      3.87%      8.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000               357      5.21%     13.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000               458      6.68%     20.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000               546      7.97%     28.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000               575      8.39%     36.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000               643      9.38%     46.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000               625      9.12%     55.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000               668      9.75%     65.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000               581      8.48%     73.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000               455      6.64%     80.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000               370      5.40%     85.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000               425      6.20%     91.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000               199      2.90%     94.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000               149      2.17%     96.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000               91      1.33%     98.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                 116      1.69%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                4000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            11057000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                    6852                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.142857                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.353553                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0               42     85.71%     85.71% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1                7     14.29%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.020408                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.142857                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0              48     97.96%     97.96% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               1      2.04%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples                49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            93.959184                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           51.326552                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                    10     20.41%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63                   1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71                   0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79                   0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                   2      4.08%     26.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                   1      2.04%     28.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103                  3      6.12%     34.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111                11     22.45%     57.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 6     12.24%     69.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 3      6.12%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 1      2.04%     77.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                 4      8.16%     85.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                 6     12.24%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                  49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples               49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean           44.040816                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev          28.149866                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-7                   10     20.41%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-15                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-23                  2      4.08%     24.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-31                  6     12.24%     36.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-39                  3      6.12%     42.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::40-47                  1      2.04%     44.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::48-55                  4      8.16%     53.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::56-63                  7     14.29%     67.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::64-71                 10     20.41%     87.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::72-79                  3      6.12%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::80-87                  1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::88-95                  2      4.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::96-103                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::104-111                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total                 49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4727                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.825048                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.232504                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     11.679366                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4717     99.79%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           10      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total          4727                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2134                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.699625                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.537638                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    16.449563                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2125     99.58%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.58% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            9      0.42%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2134                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples            49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     26979591.836735                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    18926579.410006                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            7     14.29%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07           10     20.41%     34.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           28     57.14%     91.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            1      2.04%     93.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total              49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        26869296.386206      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                     13354                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    15946938.775510                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   15376756.024934                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            7     14.29%     14.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07           27     55.10%     69.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07           10     20.41%     89.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            2      4.08%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total             49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       15885359.814969      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                   7895                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples            4727                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11789.464777                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11633.612509                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev       4626.776639                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         4717     99.79%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            7      0.15%     99.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     99.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     99.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.02%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total              4727                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples           2124                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11605.555556                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11601.536117                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       310.451060                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2022     95.20%     95.20% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          100      4.71%     99.91% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            2      0.09%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total             2124                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                4727                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           132873.281151                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          2585166.506370                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    2      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                8      0.17%      0.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000              23      0.49%      0.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000              47      0.99%      1.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000              88      1.86%      3.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000             199      4.21%      7.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000             166      3.51%     11.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000             212      4.48%     15.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000             211      4.46%     20.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000             283      5.99%     26.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000             197      4.17%     30.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000             275      5.82%     36.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000             244      5.16%     41.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000             256      5.42%     46.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000             246      5.20%     51.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000             185      3.91%     55.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000             154      3.26%     59.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000             183      3.87%     63.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000              98      2.07%     65.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000            127      2.69%     67.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows              1523     32.22%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              3000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         175544000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                  4727                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2134                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         311806.935333                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3821619.044362                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              2      0.09%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             2      0.09%      0.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             5      0.23%      0.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            15      0.70%      1.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            11      0.52%      1.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            35      1.64%      3.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            47      2.20%      5.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            52      2.44%      7.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            39      1.83%      9.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            47      2.20%     11.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            30      1.41%     13.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            26      1.22%     14.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            44      2.06%     16.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            32      1.50%     18.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            41      1.92%     20.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            28      1.31%     21.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            47      2.20%     23.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           136      6.37%     29.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           63      2.95%     32.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1432     67.10%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value            7000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       168824000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2134                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                  6861                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             96982.364087                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            2084705.591175                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      5      0.07%      0.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 17      0.25%      0.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                55      0.80%      1.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000               119      1.73%      2.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000               186      2.71%      5.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000               347      5.06%     10.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000               407      5.93%     16.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000               483      7.04%     23.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000               518      7.55%     31.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000               589      8.58%     39.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000               495      7.21%     46.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000               553      8.06%     55.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000               512      7.46%     62.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000               527      7.68%     70.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000               457      6.66%     76.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000               439      6.40%     83.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000               472      6.88%     90.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000               283      4.12%     94.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000               174      2.54%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000               85      1.24%     97.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                 138      2.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                3000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           168824000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                    6861                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.102041                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.305839                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0               44     89.80%     89.80% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1                5     10.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.040816                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.199915                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0              47     95.92%     95.92% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               2      4.08%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples                49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            95.265306                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           49.761002                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                    10     20.41%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                   1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                   0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                   1      2.04%     24.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103                  2      4.08%     28.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111                 6     12.24%     40.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 7     14.29%     55.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 8     16.33%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                10     20.41%     91.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 4      8.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                  49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples               49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean           42.877551                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev          23.695668                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-7                   10     20.41%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-15                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-23                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-31                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-39                  6     12.24%     32.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::40-47                  9     18.37%     51.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::48-55                  7     14.29%     65.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::56-63                  9     18.37%     83.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::64-71                  5     10.20%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::72-79                  2      4.08%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::80-87                  1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::88-95                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::96-103                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::104-111                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total                 49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        18160                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        2.967731                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.276013                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      12.633997                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           18115     99.75%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           45      0.25%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          18160                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         9279                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       3.567734                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.561596                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     15.110983                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15           9246     99.64%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.64% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           33      0.36%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          9279                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples             49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      103653061.224490                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     54818393.742584                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07            6     12.24%     12.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            1      2.04%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           40     81.63%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total               49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         103288038.092670      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                      51334                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples            49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     66346938.775510                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    34446813.483741                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07            3      6.12%      6.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            2      4.08%     10.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     10.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07           37     75.51%     85.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      2.04%     87.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            2      4.08%     91.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      2.04%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total              49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        66609858.983478      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   33105                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            18150                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20230.936639                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20121.790537                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev        4030.322551                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767        18114     99.80%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.01%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%     99.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           31      0.17%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              18150                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples            9246                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20052.238806                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20050.652196                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        265.109885                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479         8760     94.74%     94.74% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527          484      5.23%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            1      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            1      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total              9246                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                18160                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            34992.924009                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           1264303.398594                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  3928     21.63%     21.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              2701     14.87%     36.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             2434     13.40%     49.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             1814      9.99%     59.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000             1428      7.86%     67.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000             1147      6.32%     74.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000              859      4.73%     78.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000              787      4.33%     83.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000              645      3.55%     86.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000              485      2.67%     89.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000              430      2.37%     91.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000              346      1.91%     93.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000              262      1.44%     95.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000              199      1.10%     96.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000              168      0.93%     97.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000              160      0.88%     97.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000              119      0.66%     98.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000               97      0.53%     99.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               30      0.17%     99.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              22      0.12%     99.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                 99      0.55%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value          169116000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  18160                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples               9279                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          53561.644574                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         391578.481924                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                 878      9.46%      9.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             794      8.56%     18.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            691      7.45%     25.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            654      7.05%     32.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            717      7.73%     40.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            586      6.32%     46.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            457      4.93%     51.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            470      5.07%     56.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            377      4.06%     60.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            402      4.33%     64.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            314      3.38%     68.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            303      3.27%     71.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            316      3.41%     75.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            328      3.53%     78.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            238      2.56%     81.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            264      2.85%     83.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            208      2.24%     86.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            224      2.41%     88.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            594      6.40%     95.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            62      0.67%     95.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows              402      4.33%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         31378500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                 9279                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                  27439                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              18112.850323                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             169419.572045                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    8420     30.69%     30.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                5220     19.02%     49.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               4128     15.04%     64.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               2846     10.37%     75.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000               2097      7.64%     82.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000               1370      4.99%     87.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                968      3.53%     91.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                727      2.65%     93.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                496      1.81%     95.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                344      1.25%     97.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                217      0.79%     97.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                160      0.58%     98.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                131      0.48%     98.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                105      0.38%     99.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 59      0.22%     99.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 24      0.09%     99.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 22      0.08%     99.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                  3      0.01%     99.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                  8      0.03%     99.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                 1      0.00%     99.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                   93      0.34%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             16591000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                    27439                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.775510                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.823238                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0                21     42.86%     42.86% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1                20     40.82%     83.67% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 6     12.24%     95.92% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 2      4.08%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total            49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.224490                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.421570                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0               38     77.55%     77.55% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1               11     22.45%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples                 49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            365.734694                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev           185.702133                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                    10     20.41%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                    0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                  1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351                  0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                  0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415                  0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  1      2.04%     24.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                 37     75.51%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                   49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples                49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean           186.775510                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev           94.186487                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-15                    9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-31                   1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-47                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-63                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-79                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::80-95                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::96-111                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::112-127                 0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::128-143                 0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::144-159                 0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::160-175                 1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::176-191                 0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::208-223                 1      2.04%     24.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::224-239                28     57.14%     81.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::240-255                 9     18.37%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                  49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       54710                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      22360                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       4                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   54710                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  22360                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                            77070                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                        77070                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                      193802                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                  193802                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                           193802                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                       193802                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                          893863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     176116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       185931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               175835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       7749                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts         9505                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      175835                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             286177                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            139962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              723696                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes              67513                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        77524                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      54817                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     22707                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              100686.726204                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              793176.273796                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.887358                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.112642                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            18073                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   106988     57.39%     57.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1922      1.03%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   54817     29.40%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  22707     12.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    186436                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      39                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              374                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             537746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1437.823529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           387978                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          387978                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst       193428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         193428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst       193428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          193428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst       193428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         193428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6526985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6526985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6526985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6526985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6526985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6526985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       193802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       193802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       193802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       193802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       193802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       193802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17451.831551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17451.831551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17451.831551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17451.831551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17451.831551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17451.831551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5768015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5768015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5768015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5768015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5768015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5768015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15422.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15422.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15422.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15422.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15422.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15422.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                74                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              106                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          189.539619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               9345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            88.160377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   189.539619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.740389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.740389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.738281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           147542                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          147542                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        52086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          52086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        21077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        73163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           73163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data        73186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          73186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           47                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           47                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data          270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2921988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2921988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1435999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1435999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       458498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       458498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1132500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1132500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        39499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        39499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4357987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4357987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4357987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4357987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        52280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        21125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           51                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        73405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        73456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002272                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.549020                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.549020                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.330357                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.330357                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.610390                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.610390                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15061.793814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15061.793814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29916.645833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29916.645833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12391.837838                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12391.837838                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24095.744681                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24095.744681                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18008.210744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18008.210744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16140.692593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16140.692593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           34                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               34                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2527012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2527012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1339001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1339001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       231502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       231502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       209000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1048500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1048500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        36501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        36501                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3866013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3866013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4097515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4097515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     95748504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95748504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     48173000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48173000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    143921504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    143921504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.549020                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549020                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.107143                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107143                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.558442                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558442                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13025.835052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13025.835052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27895.854167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27895.854167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8267.928571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8267.928571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17416.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17416.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24383.720930                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24383.720930                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15975.260331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15975.260331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15175.981481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15175.981481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry               183                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       54239                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      22078                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       4                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                   54239                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  22078                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                            76317                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                        76317                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                      192098                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                  192098                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                           192098                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                       192098                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                          874186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     174456                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       184031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               174074                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       7666                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts         9376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      174074                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             283256                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            138576                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads              716540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes              66900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        76774                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      54331                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     22443                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              109916.528612                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              764269.471388                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.874264                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.125736                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            17853                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   105858     57.37%     57.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    1900      1.03%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   54331     29.44%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  22443     12.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    184534                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      59                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              303                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             515412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1701.029703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           384499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          384499                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst       191795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         191795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst       191795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          191795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst       191795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         191795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      6073477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6073477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      6073477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6073477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      6073477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6073477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       192098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       192098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       192098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       192098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       192098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 20044.478548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20044.478548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 20044.478548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20044.478548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 20044.478548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20044.478548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5453523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5453523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5453523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5453523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5453523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5453523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17998.425743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17998.425743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17998.425743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17998.425743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17998.425743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17998.425743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                59                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               88                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          187.599129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              12012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               88                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           136.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   187.599129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.732809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.732809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.730469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           146015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          146015                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        51645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        20820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        72465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           72465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data        72488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          72488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           35                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data          226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2724482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2724482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1128000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1128000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       283500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       283500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       979999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       979999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3852482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3852482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3852482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3852482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        51814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        51814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        20855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           66                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        72669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        72669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        72714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        72714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001678                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.488889                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.488889                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.229508                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.590909                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.590909                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.002807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16121.195266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16121.195266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32228.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32228.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        10125                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        10125                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25128.179487                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25128.179487                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18884.715686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18884.715686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17046.380531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17046.380531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           39                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               39                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2377518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2377518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1058000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1058000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       110500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       161000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       161000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       903001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       903001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3435518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3435518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3546018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3546018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     95168500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95168500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     48135500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48135500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    143304000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    143304000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.488889                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488889                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.073770                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073770                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.002807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14068.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14068.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 30228.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30228.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  5022.727273                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5022.727273                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17888.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17888.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 23763.184211                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23763.184211                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16840.774510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16840.774510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15690.345133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15690.345133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry               163                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                       54529                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      22169                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   54529                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  22169                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                            76698                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                        76698                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                      193192                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                  193192                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                           193192                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                       193192                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                          901848                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     175424                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       185037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               174989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                       7698                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts         9434                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      174989                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             284901                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            139335                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              720455                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes              67289                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        77163                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      54618                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     22545                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              108769.284786                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              793078.715214                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.879393                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.120607                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            17946                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   106461     57.38%     57.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1922      1.04%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   54618     29.44%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  22545     12.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    185548                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      97                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              303                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             497855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1643.085809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           386687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          386687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst       192889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         192889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst       192889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          192889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst       192889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         192889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      5246988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5246988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      5246988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5246988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      5246988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5246988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       193192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       193192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       193192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       193192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       193192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       193192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17316.792079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17316.792079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17316.792079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17316.792079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17316.792079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17316.792079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4632012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4632012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4632012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4632012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4632012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4632012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15287.168317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15287.168317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15287.168317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15287.168317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15287.168317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15287.168317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                62                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          196.489441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs               5565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            54.029126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   196.489441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.767537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.767537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           146760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          146760                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        51887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        20900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data        72787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           72787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data        72808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          72808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data          250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2705995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2705995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1643499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1643499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       569989                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       569989                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       950500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       950500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4349494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4349494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4349494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4349494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        52066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        20947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           65                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data        73013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data        73058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.002244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.533333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.533333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.273381                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.273381                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 15117.290503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15117.290503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 34968.063830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34968.063830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14999.710526                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14999.710526                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 24371.794872                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24371.794872                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19245.548673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19245.548673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 17397.976000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17397.976000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total               35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2345005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2345005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1548501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1548501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       168001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       168001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       368010                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       368010                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       872500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       872500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3893506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3893506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4061507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4061507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     96123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     48120501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48120501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    144243501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    144243501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.002244                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002244                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.533333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.115108                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115108                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13100.586592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13100.586592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 32946.829787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32946.829787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7000.041667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7000.041667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 23000.625000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23000.625000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 22371.794872                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22371.794872                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 17227.902655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17227.902655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16246.028000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16246.028000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry               166                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       53963                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      21961                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   53963                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  21961                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                            75924                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                        75924                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                      190891                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                  190891                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                           190891                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                       190891                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                          862494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     173343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       182855                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               173059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       7622                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts         9222                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      173059                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             281247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            137886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads              711995                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes              66331                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        76325                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      54054                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     22271                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              114107.266060                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              748386.733940                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.867701                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.132299                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            17654                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   105080     57.33%     57.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    1893      1.03%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   54054     29.49%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  22271     12.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    183300                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             477578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1624.414966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           382076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          382076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst       190597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         190597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst       190597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          190597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst       190597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         190597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5283986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5283986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5283986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5283986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5283986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5283986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       190891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       190891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       190891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       190891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       190891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       190891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17972.741497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17972.741497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17972.741497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17972.741497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17972.741497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17972.741497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      4686014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4686014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      4686014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4686014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      4686014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4686014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15938.823129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15938.823129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15938.823129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15938.823129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15938.823129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15938.823129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                63                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          188.121932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              71402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           706.950495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   188.121932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.734851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           145228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          145228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        51448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        20713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data        72161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           72161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data        72182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          72182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data          208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2628483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2628483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1272500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1272500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       250000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       250000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       557500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       557500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3900983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3900983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3900983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3900983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        51602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        51602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        20745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           63                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data        72347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        72347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data        72390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        72390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.002984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001543                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001543                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.511628                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.511628                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.390625                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.390625                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.365079                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.365079                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.002571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.002873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 17068.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17068.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 39765.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39765.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        10000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        10000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 24239.130435                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24239.130435                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20973.026882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20973.026882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18754.725962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18754.725962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           39                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               39                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2311517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2311517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1208500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1208500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       191000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       191000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       511500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       511500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3520017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3520017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3711017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3711017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     94991002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     94991002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     47975004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     47975004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    142966006                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    142966006                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.511628                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.511628                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.078125                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078125                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.365079                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365079                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15009.850649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15009.850649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 37765.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37765.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8681.818182                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8681.818182                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        10800                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10800                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 22239.130435                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22239.130435                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18924.822581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18924.822581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 17841.427885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17841.427885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry               126                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                       54416                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                      22151                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        3                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                   54417                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                  22154                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                            76567                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                        76571                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                      192775                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                  192775                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                           192775                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                       192775                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                          886115                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                     175043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                       184648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses               174674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                       7692                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts         9382                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                      174674                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads             284193                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes            139088                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads              718922                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes              67090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                        77019                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                      54507                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     22512                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              107502.899227                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              778612.100773                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.878681                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.121319                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                            17887                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                   106208     57.36%     57.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                    1917      1.04%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                   54507     29.44%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  22512     12.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                    185146                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      63                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              305                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             459306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          1505.921311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           385855                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          385855                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst       192470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         192470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst       192470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          192470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst       192470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         192470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5387483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5387483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5387483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5387483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5387483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5387483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       192775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       192775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       192775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       192775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       192775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17663.878689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17663.878689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17663.878689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17663.878689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17663.878689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17663.878689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      4764517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4764517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      4764517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4764517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      4764517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4764517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15621.367213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15621.367213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15621.367213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15621.367213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15621.367213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15621.367213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                57                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              118                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          198.955466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              64263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           544.601695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   198.955466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.777170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.777170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           146504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          146504                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        51797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        20880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data        72677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total           72677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data        72700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total          72700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total           220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data          242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total          242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2890986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2890986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1363500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1363500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       638491                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       638491                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       841500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       841500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       118000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       118000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4254486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4254486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4254486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4254486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        51972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        20925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data        72897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total        72897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data        72942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total        72942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.002151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.488889                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.488889                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.282258                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.282258                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.557143                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.557143                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 16519.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16519.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        30300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18242.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18242.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 21576.923077                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21576.923077                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19338.572727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19338.572727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17580.520661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17580.520661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total               49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2533014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2533014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1273500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1273500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       163500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       163500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       444009                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       444009                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       773500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       773500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       110000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3806514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3806514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3970014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3970014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     95940002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95940002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     48102001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48102001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    144042003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    144042003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.488889                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488889                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.129032                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129032                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.542857                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.542857                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 14474.365714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14474.365714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        28300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7431.818182                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7431.818182                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 27750.562500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27750.562500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 20355.263158                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20355.263158                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17302.336364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17302.336364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 16405.016529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16405.016529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry               162                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                       54511                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                      22153                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        3                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                   54512                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                  22156                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                            76664                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                        76668                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                      193296                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                  193296                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                           193296                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                       193296                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                          916215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                     175499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                       185102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses               175008                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       7685                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts         9483                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                      175008                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads             285320                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes            139246                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads              720833                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes              67486                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                        77202                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                      54601                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     22601                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              109940.770720                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              806274.229280                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.880005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.119995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                            17983                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                   106573     57.39%     57.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                    1909      1.03%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                   54601     29.41%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  22601     12.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                    185686                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     166                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              303                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             418880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          1382.442244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           386895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          386895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst       192993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         192993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst       192993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          192993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst       192993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         192993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5277988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5277988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5277988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5277988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5277988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5277988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       193296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       193296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       193296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       193296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       193296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       193296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17419.102310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17419.102310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17419.102310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17419.102310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17419.102310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17419.102310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4662012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4662012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4662012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4662012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4662012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4662012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15386.178218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15386.178218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15386.178218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15386.178218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15386.178218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15386.178218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                52                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              110                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          198.919359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              11552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs           105.018182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   198.919359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.777029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.777029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           146690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          146690                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        51810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        20877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data        72687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           72687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data        72710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          72710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2766481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2766481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1475500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1475500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       692985                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       692985                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       948000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        60000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        60000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4241981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4241981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4241981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4241981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        51978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        51978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        20920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          218                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          218                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data        72898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        72898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data        72944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        72944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.003232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.178899                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.178899                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.550725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.550725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.003208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 16467.148810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16467.148810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 34313.953488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34313.953488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 17768.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17768.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 24947.368421                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24947.368421                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 20104.175355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20104.175355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18128.123932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18128.123932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           41                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               41                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2424519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2424519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1389500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       235001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       235001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       420014                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       420014                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       878000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       878000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        56000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        56000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3814019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3814019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4049020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4049020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     95724004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95724004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     48249500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48249500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    143973504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    143973504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.003232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.087156                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087156                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.536232                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536232                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.003208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 14431.660714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14431.660714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 32313.953488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32313.953488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10217.434783                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10217.434783                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        22106                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        22106                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 23729.729730                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23729.729730                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18075.919431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18075.919431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 17303.504274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17303.504274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry               166                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                       55513                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                        12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      22963                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                   55525                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  22968                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                            78476                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                             17                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                        78493                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                      198460                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                  198464                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                           198460                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                       198464                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                          925456                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                     180710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                       191194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses               180747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       7927                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts         9907                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                      180747                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads             294657                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes            143343                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              742546                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              69368                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        79109                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      55681                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     23428                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              97801.786778                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              827654.213222                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.894320                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.105680                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                            18644                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                   110858     57.78%     57.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                    1906      0.99%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   55681     29.02%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  23428     12.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                    191875                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                     154                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              321                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             374735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          1167.398754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           397241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          397241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst       198139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         198139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst       198139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          198139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst       198139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         198139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      5419490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5419490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      5419490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5419490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      5419490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5419490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       198460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       198460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       198460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       198460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       198460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       198460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 16883.146417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16883.146417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 16883.146417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16883.146417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 16883.146417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16883.146417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      4771510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4771510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      4771510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4771510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      4771510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4771510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14864.517134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14864.517134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14864.517134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14864.517134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14864.517134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14864.517134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                60                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          205.123418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               7306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.185714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   205.123418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.801263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.801263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           150357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          150357                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        52736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          52736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        21650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          216                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          216                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           67                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           67                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data        74386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           74386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data        74436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          74436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2776485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2776485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1479500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1479500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       760488                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       760488                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       751000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       751000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       120000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       120000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4255985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4255985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4255985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4255985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        52931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        21695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           68                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data        74626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        74626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data        74694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        74694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.002074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.264706                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.264706                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.149606                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.149606                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.367925                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.367925                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14238.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14238.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 32877.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32877.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20012.842105                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20012.842105                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 19256.410256                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19256.410256                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 17733.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17733.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 16496.065891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16496.065891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2378515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2378515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1389500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       274000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       274000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       442512                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       442512                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       683000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       683000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       112000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       112000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3768015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3768015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4042015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4042015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     95250002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95250002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     48136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data    143386002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    143386002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.002074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.264706                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264706                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.086614                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086614                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.358491                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358491                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12197.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12197.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 30877.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30877.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 15222.222222                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15222.222222                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20114.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20114.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 17973.684211                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17973.684211                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 15700.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15700.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 15666.724806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15666.724806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry               196                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                       60583                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                        11                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                      26214                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        8                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                   60594                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                  26222                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            86797                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                             19                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        86816                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                      223137                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                  223140                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                           223137                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                       223140                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                          994041                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                     204703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                       220195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses               204780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   209                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       8769                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts        14651                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                      204780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          209                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads             333842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes            159875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                 145                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              844415                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              84035                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        87342                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                      60884                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                     26458                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                    994041                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                            24449                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                   131593     59.59%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                    1886      0.85%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                21      0.01%     60.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                   60884     27.57%     88.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                  26458     11.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                    220843                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             351654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           465.150794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses           447030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses          447030                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst       222381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         222381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst       222381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total          222381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst       222381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total         222381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12010993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12010993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12010993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12010993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12010993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12010993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst       223137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst       223137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total       223137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst       223137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total       223137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15887.556878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15887.556878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15887.556878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15887.556878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15887.556878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15887.556878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10492007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10492007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10492007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10492007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10492007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10492007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13878.316138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13878.316138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13878.316138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13878.316138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13878.316138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13878.316138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                77                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          245.262827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              11553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.014286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   245.262827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.958058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           167062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses          167062                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data        57763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          57763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data        24751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           96                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        82514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           82514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        82610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          82610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3254497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3254497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3240500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3240500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       245000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       245000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       572497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       572497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6494997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6494997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6494997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6494997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data        58014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        58014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data        24851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          105                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          105                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          209                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          209                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          204                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          204                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        82865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        82865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        82970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        82970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004024                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004024                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.085714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.085714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.057416                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.057416                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.137255                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.137255                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12966.123506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12966.123506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        32405                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        32405                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20416.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20416.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20446.321429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20446.321429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18504.264957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18504.264957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18041.658333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18041.658333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2750503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2750503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3040500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3040500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       227500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       227500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        11500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        11500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       514503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       514503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5791003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5791003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6018503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6018503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     95117511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95117511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     48389004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48389004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data    143506515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    143506515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.085714                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085714                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014354                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014354                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.137255                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137255                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10958.179283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10958.179283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        30405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25277.777778                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25277.777778                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  3833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18375.107143                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18375.107143                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16498.584046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16498.584046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16718.063889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16718.063889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry               182                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.host 496998500 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -44675971.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       44722540.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -1632960.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       1900281.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -30138552.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       30169968.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -1101600.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       1281936.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -169595212.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       169734988.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -3839347.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       5087347.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -76580536.320000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       76683386.880000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -515496.960000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       672261.120000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -81337282498.560043
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       81611695841.279984
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -81337282498.560043
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       81611695841.279984
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -24111937791.360008
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       24192148665.600002
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -23734535100.479996
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       23836016842.560005
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -262130771232.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       263016137664.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -262461826224.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       263328534000.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.000497
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       7254218.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       7951969.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       748725.262387
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       1433166.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       2977996.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       209.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       150489.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       765017.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       443493.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       2059261.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       184965.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       81615.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       1435294.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       3836244.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       2333593.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       5260269.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       1137311.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       2255618.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       145.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       62808.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       1433166.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       2977996.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       209.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       1577658.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       7.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       1577651.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       2959.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       422657.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       172063.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       624557.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       44.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       1485.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       395.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       115828
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       35.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       3072.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       33.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       3072.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       77.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       442.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       245.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       2129.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       206.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       307.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       18128.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       9246.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       28.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       9976.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       9832.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       18256.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       8482.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       8148.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
